I really don't think you can do copywriting without leveraging AI in 2025. I've easily turned down I'll be like modest to say I've turned down $400 $500,000 worth of copywriting projects in the last year or two. I talk about being like a copy thinker instead of a copywriter. The actual act of writing copy is really inefficient and a waste of time. &gt;&gt; There are many copyriters that are afraid of how AI is affecting their career. And I see the fear and I sometimes see how that fear is like their entire world. If you're curious and you're smart and you see connections and think strategically, then you still have a leg up and you still have value and you likely won't be replaced. I would focus more on that on the ideation and then becoming so immersed in the world, still understanding everything, studying things, being a student, being curious, and you can use that plus experience to like have a higher win rate than the average person who doesn't have that knowledge, I guess, or or the ability to make those judgments. And AI can definitely be harnessed really to do everything. But what it ultimately comes down to and this is a really important distinction where we still have the edge on AI would be. &gt;&gt; All right. So today I'm here with Stefan Georgi. Thanks so much for joining me man. I have been following you and learning from you for a very long time and and like all the all my colleagues all the copers and marketers that I've been I've been I've been working with you know they were like I know Stephan's saying this on his email list. Stephan saying this. So I signed up to email list like what five six years ago now. And um yeah, it's really cool to see that you um you know, you're sharing stuff with copyriters, especially this year. So, I got a lot of questions and and looking forward to our chat. Thanks for coming. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having me. &gt;&gt; What would you say is the big the big difference that you've seen in the industry that uh inspired you to put together? I mean, it's been 5 years, right, since R&amp;B won. So, what was the inspiration to put this together? Yeah, it's funny because I on one hand five years doesn't seem like it's really that long of a time, right? In the grand scheme of things, but in the world of DR and and DTOC, it is like an eternity sometimes. And especially because of AI. So, personally, I embraced AI for copyrightiting and marketing pretty early on, like a I just was a bit ahead of the curve on that. And um then chatbt came out and and it was really apparent right away that it would be valuable. Uh in the early days like I did this thing called like the six-hour AI salesletter and it was like a course and training and it was using what would I guess be chat GPT3 and uh and it was cool. There's a lot of neat stuff that you could do, but it it definitely even that was 3 years ago or so and it it like pales in comparison maybe two years ago and it like pales in comparison to like what you can do today because &gt;&gt; uh so much money has flooded into the space and so much uh there have been so many breakthroughs and there's new models and whether it's Gemini 2.5 Pro or Claude 4 or now Gro 4 just came out or uh Chat TV 03 or 04 whatever. So part of the reason for doing a new RBC2 was to incorporate AI because I personally feel like you cannot do marketing period and I really don't think you can do copywriting without leveraging AI uh in 2025. But beyond that, it's not just like an AI copywriting course, right? It's um &gt;&gt; it's really the the huge change from 2020 goes back to what I mentioned about legacy DR funnels like the idea of like hey you know run some Facebook ads they go to a landing page with a video sales letter and then you know people buy and wait great right that's really that model is not dead but it's not nearly it's not nearly as easy as it was and it's also I it's a lot harder and it's not really efficient. Um, and it's just not the best model for most people. So, if I go back to Copy Accelerator Pro, CA Pro, uh, and the 70 plus businesses in there, the vast majority of them are running funnels where it's like, &gt;&gt; you know, video ads like on Meta for example, that some of them are running one to three minute video ads that go to an avitorial that then go to a product page, which is like a, you know, ecom style landing page. Um, you know, check out upsells, right? Then others are running 15 to 25 minute infeed BSL kind of like uh ads in on meta that may go directly to a product page, but some of them go to an avitorial as well. Um others are doing static ads to an advertorial. Like some of them skip the ad avertorial, some of them don't. Like some of them don't do VSSLs at all. Like uh it's just it's just &gt;&gt; a really different world out there. And then that's just meta, right? But native is different. uh YouTube and other you know Google display and pmax and demand genen like there's just so many different traffic sources that all can bring you significant volume and so for business owners I know a lot of people watching will be copyrighters as well but this is important for both sides so for business owners even a lot of people who crushed it in 20 20 21 22 are like struggling today or have been struggling because they're still kind of stuck on this legacy model if you came up doing like long form VSSLs like you think that's the way to do it. And I I have all the time I've easily turned down I'll be like modest to say I've turned down maybe $400 $500,000 worth of sort of copyrightiting projects in the last year or two where people come to me wanting me to write a VSSL for them and I go like no you don't it doesn't make sense like you you shouldn't you don't need a VSSL like and again they're thinking about like a VSSL from the kind of like classic landing page model landing page with a video sales letter. So, I'm like, "No." And also, they also don't understand acquisition, which you really have to understand. I'll get to how this applies to copyrighters in a second. Um, but they're kind of like still thinking like, "Hey, put up a VSSL affiliates promote it. Great." And it's like probably not going to work. And if they don't know how to buy their own media or they don't have media buying partners, and they don't understand that journey, then they're really going to struggle. And again, you're seeing that a lot. And then for copywriters, we can dive into that too in a minute, but for copywriters, kind of the same thing where when I did R&amp;B1, I feel like I put things in a vacuum more where it would be like, here's emails, here's an avitorial, here's how to write a VSSL, whatever it is. And it was a lot of more aggressive DR type of stuff, which is fine. People still are running plenty of aggressive DR things out there, but &gt;&gt; you really need to understand this context, right? like where for so if you're writing for a brand or a DR business or whatever it is like okay like well where are they generating most of their their traffic are they doing meta is it native is it YouTube because really like that journey and even the the buyer intent is going to be really different across different platforms whether it's YouTube or native or whatever it is and so you kind of I think you know in general if you're doing freelance work and not in-house work especially like you really need to be more cons consultative like you need to like you may even need to help them but you definitely need to understand like what the journey look looks like and where each piece of copy fits within that journey and how it connects to the next piece. And so one of the big things with R&amp;B too in addition to basically using AI uh as much as possible &gt;&gt; when it's appropriate uh is you know helping people to be like I I talk about copywriter. So I think like the actual act of writing copy is really inefficient and a waste of the time waste of time most of the time. Um but I think thinking broadly not just about the copy itself which is a huge part of it. How do the pieces of of any kind of copy fit together the hook the structure you know like how do we dial that in but also how does it fit into the broader holistic customer journey from from prospect to to buyer and then beyond from buyer to repeat buyer. So, it just there's a lot that's changed. Um, and I felt like people needed to know about it. And so, that's kind of one of some of the big motivators there. &gt;&gt; I've definitely found in my world the way I've been writing copy and I've been mostly writing for like the high ticket and personal brand side of direct response and they'll they'll have their offers and things have definitely changed. A few clients I I was working with like last year for example, they had the same funnel that they had in 2020 and it was no longer performing the same way. And you know that that like is not something that only has happened to one of my clients. I've had many copyriters I've worked with also tell me that you know the way that their clients previously were running the funnels and and the way that they were writing copy and everything has has changed. What what do you think the the reason is that has changed like besides AI? Is there is there like a big reason that the market has shifted in the way that people are like responding to to marketing assets? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a great question. I there's probably a lot of factors. Uh you know, one might be as simple as attention spans or continue to get shorter. If you look at the rise and prevalence of Tik Tok and YouTube shorts and reals and and things of you know like that like in general people consume. So, first of all, people consume way more video content than they did even 5 years ago. Like, video really tends to be king. Like, you can run static ads, especially on meta, and there's times where that's appropriate, but in general, video is king, first of all, and then usually the length of video is shorter. like if a huge part of it I think too is is if you go back to 20 even and and and the whole kind of ClickBank world let's talk about where it's sort of still that classic VSSL on a lander you know super aggressive and sensational um you know people still the top offers on there still do10 to$20 million a month right like so but it's really a small handful of people on ClickBank on that top like 10 that have success uh their stuff's extremely aggressive ressive these days. A lot of them are running like deep fakes. A lot of them are the owners are in Brazil and they're running like deep fakes of like, you know, here's George Clooney saying how, you know, his foot almost got amputated. Like, yeah. Know, it's super black hat, right? Um, &gt;&gt; but on top of that, &gt;&gt; so so by which by the way is really hard for somebody who's not running that black hat to compete with them, right? So even if you're like running kind of like mildly like like aggressive like you you really have a difficult time going up against like deep fakes of you know whoever it is like like Gandhi like coming back from the dead to tell you that this is the greatest thing ever whatever it is right um so there's like that and then also like the market has shrunk kind of like yes there's a lot of baby boomers and that's the people who always bought traditional ClickBank VSSL type of offers was always baby boomers but even they're on Tik Tok they're on Instagram because their grandchildren are on Tik Tok and they're trying to stay relevant or you know they're consuming information differently um and buying differently and so like the idea that they're just going to sit yeah like they are more likely to sit and watch like a 45 minute or hourong VSSL but they don't really want to for the most part and that market has just shrunk right and a lot of the people buying these days now is sort of that next generation where it's I guess &gt;&gt; you know Gen Xers right and and so I think there's been a shift that's happened so by the way baby boos is still tremendous purchasing power, the most purchasing power of any group in human history, right? But there's a lot of them that are starting to age out. So, Gen X is buying a lot more. They have a lot of purchasing power. And again, even the baby boomers, their consumption habits have also shifted to where they even they know why did I I just clicked on an ad, right? I was reading a news article. I was trying to read about the weather or like about my local town politics and now I'm on some weird page with like a video and it wants me to watch this hourong video. like what are we doing here? Right? So um I think those are some of the big reasons why and and I guess if you go to bisop or like high ticket stuff uh even there again it goes back to consumption I think like there's more it's still all video there's a lot of people doing a lot of content on YouTube on Tik Tok on Instagram like you know whether it's like a horosy or somebody else and so they're used to consuming content that way as well and and so and they're and by the way they're also way more aware actually there's a lot I could say about that but I'll pause but I do actually have some thoughts on the high ticket stuff, impersonal brand stuff. I'd love to share when you're ready. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'll write a note, but um we could we could go right into it. I mean, I'm very curious what you think of that. But &gt;&gt; yeah, I think that makes a lot of sense because a lot of the copy that I've been reviewing these days has definitely shifted from it shifted from before. It's a lot of video. Everything's video. Like 80% of what I what I look at with with copyrighters is just video stuff. video related advertorials as well actually as well as a big I didn't I didn't write many advertorials I was usually writing like ads and emails and and landing pages and you know VSSLs and now a lot of the copyriters I'm coaching they're sending me editorials and they're like hey I'm just wrote this editorial I just wrote this editorial this editorial yeah it has changed a lot and I think this is this is one of those markets like especially for the copyrighters listening to this like copyrightiting does change really really quickly like because I think the big thing as well when you're competing as a business and everybody's got the same sort of funnel, everything sounds the same, everything is the same, everybody's use, you know, funnel hacking, then you're going to change it up and you're going to change it and make it different to everybody else and then then different again. And so what was working in I remember like back when I started was like a lot of free plus shipping. I mean free book, just pay the shipping, right? &gt;&gt; That was like the bisop trend. everybody had a free plus shipping offer, you know, and then then everybody has it, then it's no longer as relevant. So, as a copywriter, you know, you have to really stay in the loop with with what's working. And I mean, the skills transferable, right? But how how do you how do you keep up? I know you've got now you're working with these 70 businesses and things are always changing, but let's say you were a freelancer again. Let's say you were a freelancer again. How would you keep keep up with what's going on? you know the really lazy answer not lazy but kind of lazy is to but be curious right like the such a huge part of it is curiosity um I think that's true for you know copyrightiting marketing just success in general is is being curious and what I mean by that is when you do see ads showing up all over like let's go um with like David like this like a protein bar company I'm not sure if you've ever seen their ads They I would see their ads a lot and I kind of ignored them. Then I'm I kind of was like, well, what's going on with this? Like, why do I see these gold protein bars so often, right? So, I start researching, &gt;&gt; okay? &gt;&gt; And then I see that they did they recently raised money at a $725 million valuation and I'm like, is this like the Enron of protein bars? Like, how do these guys have a $725 million valuation? Uh, and their bars like are not the ingredients aren't that great. It's like whey protein and milk isolate and you know sucralose and I I don't really understand it but that makes me more curious. So you know I start looking into like okay well how are they how are they acquiring customers like how like what what what is their strategy right? Okay, interesting. So, they spend a ton on meta. I can see I go to their ads library, right? I go to the ads library immediately. Like, let's look at the ad. Like, a lot of the ads are either static ads with very minimal copy &gt;&gt; or they're video ads, but they're really just sort of UGC style testimonial like people talking about how like what they do for like a midday snack or to like not have cravings or, you know, why protein is important in the morning or how they take this bar with them, whatever it is. It's like, okay, cool. So, that's meta. Are they on other channels? Well, like let's go to like call data, which is a place you can go look at like uh things brands that are doing more on Tik Tok. Are they on Tik Tok, right? Let's go look on YouTube. Let's go look on native. Um like let's see where else are they advertising. Let's go on Instagram and look at their actual like IG account. And so, you know, you start to look at it and you know, there's definitely those spy tools you can use as well, but you start to get a more holistic view and understanding. And then it really helps because you go, "Okay, interesting." So, $725 million raised likely they're not even acquiring customers profitably because really what you can infer is when brands like that are raising a bunch of money, they're usually doing to keep growing. And usually if they're doing that route, like that sort of like VC route versus like a private equity route. We could always talk about that too, but like for VC, it's really about growth, like growth, growth, growth, growth, growth, right? And so if that's the focus, they're probably not acquiring customers profitably, which also tells me, by the way, I probably don't want to model off of them if I'm trying to acquire customers profitably on day zero because what they're doing is different than what I'm going to do. But also, I see these static ads. They're like a gold protein bar of like really minimal copy that I' had noticed I've seen a ton of times. And you realize, okay, these are those are probably just like brand awareness ads, right? Probably they don't really sell, you know, they probably have a really shitty CPA. I don't hope I'm not to cuss on here. um for their like static little like static, you know, gold bar ad, right? But if you see it enough times and then you get hit with one of the UGC videos or you go to another platform or another channel, you know, the idea is eventually it wears you down and you order. Um but it all comes from like observation and curiosity. And I I it sounds so simple, but I I just feel like a lot of people I don't feel like I know really having coached thousands of freelancers and now worked with, you know, hundreds of businesses and had my email list and done all the things I've done. It I'm always kind of amazed but also a little bit dismayed by how often people ask me questions that they could find out the answer to with a little bit of curiosity and searching. And it's not just like that it like would waste my time to answer when they could figure out for themselves is that that's like the biggest value inval one of the biggest and most valuable skill sets they can have is to be curious and go look and actually get answers for themselves because that's how you learn. And then by the way also probably buy it. Like I bought I just went I bought a box of David protein bars. They're in my pantry now. I had half of one and felt like I was going to just like have like protein farts if I ate it. So I stopped because I didn't think it tasted very good. Right. Um, &gt;&gt; I was about to ask you if it tastes good. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I didn't like it. My wife did to be fair. My wife thought it tasted good. Uh, but I bought it so I could see like what is that journey like after they do upsells? What is the checkout? Like even that people even in CA Pro which is all these businesses you know doing uh, you know, pretty good revenue numbers and people are always asking for upsell swipes. So even on one of our more recent calls I'm like let's just go buy some. Like we bought one from like Vitalene which is like you know a top clickbank offer. So like what are their upsells like? And even though most of the people in there don't run stuff on ClickBank, it's like you can learn things. There's there's some really interesting stuff as you go through the upsell path and the different offers. Then we bought Prepared Hero, which is like ecom like fire smothering blankets. So like what are the upsells there? And so, you know, yeah, if you're just watching this video and you're super broke or you're in like Nigeria and you can't get something shipped to you or whatever, like I get it. But if you've got a bit of disposable income, spending like $200 or $300 every now and then to just actually buy a front-end product and then like go through the funnel and then see what else they're upselling, you'll just learn tons of insights. And I I did this when I was first kind of coming up in 2012 and 13 and writing for the Romanian publisher uh the the Lions publishing guys who are still around these days and still do really well on ClickBank or whatever. But um you know one of the partners there like really took a lot of time to mentor me and um I remember I just would buy stuff all the time and I kind of got away from doing it and every few years I'll remember how helpful that is and then I go do it and you just always you always just see tons you get tons of ideas, right? whether it's copy or if you're an actual, you know, business owner, things that you should test. Um, so yeah, it's just a lot of just curiosity, honestly. And like you're get everyone sees ads like you're seeing ads all the time. Like you can again, you can also use stuff like data for Tik Tok. Um, you know, other spy tools, but yeah, you're going to see just go follow rabbit holes, you know, or go down rabbit holes, I guess, follow trails. But yeah, &gt;&gt; well, I think it's solid advice. You know, I've found that most copers that are curious, they learn stuff through osmosis as well, right? Just because they're like open to it. But there are many copyriters that are afraid of how AI is affecting their career. And I see the fear and I sometimes see how that fear is like their entire world right now. I was like, I'm so worried about getting this gig or I'm so worried about if this business is not going to replace me. Or do you think that maybe fear is part of what's hindering some people from the curiosity is like they're just overwhelmed by other things that they just can't sit and enjoy their their craft? &gt;&gt; It's possible. I I think that's a totally valid thesis. Um, I you know I would I would say that it's probably it's sort of self-defeating though if if you're curious and you're smart and you see connections and and think strategically, then you still have a leg up, right? And you still have value and you likely won't be replaced. You know, it's really just like the idea of just writing words and being paid to write words in like a certain structure. Like to to me, copywriting was never really about writing. Like, yes, there's times where I was writing copy manually over the last decade that I'd write a sentence or a couple sentences or a line and I would get all giddy because I'd be like, "Oh man, that's so good." &gt;&gt; You know, but really, &gt;&gt; yeah, but it was like far and few between. more was about the ideas. It was really about having the right ideas and then executing in the appropriate structure and format, right? And and so that's the thing I I where the people who get all weird about AI and AI replacing copywriters are in general I feel like the people who maybe shouldn't probably weren't that successful as copyriters in the first place to be honest with you because the most successful copyriters again it's not about the writing it's about the ideas and putting them together and you know that bigger vision I I suppose and AI can definitely be harnessed to use create big ideas, create mechanisms really to do everything, hooks, but what it ultimately comes down to, and this is a really important distinction I think for AI is there's like a difference between like outputs and judgment. And where we still have the edge on AI would be judgment, you know? So you might get a hundred hooks uh and maybe 10 or 15 of them are really good when you use AI, but how do you know which ones are really good? And it's like, well, yeah, you could test all of them. That sounds great, but realistically testing a 100 hooks is extremely expensive and timeconuming and all that. So you sort of want to know like, okay, what are the ones that have the highest probability? And then what's that based off of? Well, it's based off of experience. Um, you know, really experience and and kind of pattern recognition, right? like, okay, I've seen hooks like this work a lot. I see like going back to going to ads libraries. If you go look at the ads library for a lot of DTOC kind of ecom brands, um like Miami MD for example will do this. It's like don't make this mistake. The number one mistake like this is the number one mistake. So, it's like, okay, if I see that, if they have like they're testing just crazy amounts of video creatives, and the mistake thing just happens again and again and again and again, and then I'm wring for something else and one of the hooks is about, you know, don't make this mistake when getting rid of cellulite or don't make this mistake when trying to start a side hustle, whatever it is that I'm like, wow, you know, I see that working all in a lot of places. I should probably pick that as one of the hooks to test, right? So, that's where we still have the edge on AI and probably will for a bit. Um and so I would focus more on that on on the ideation and then you know becoming so immersed in the world so understanding everything studying things being a student being curious that you have pattern recognition and you can use that plus experience hopefully to like uh you know use your judgment to pro have a higher win rate than the average person who doesn't uh have that knowledge I guess or the ability to make those judgments. &gt;&gt; It always comes back to ideas. It always comes back to ideas. It's like the word they should we should have had a different word than copyrightiting like like it shouldn't have been called copyrightiting. I've had this conversation with so many marketers where it's like the word writing makes a lot of people that get introduced to it just think it's all about writing. And to be fair, there's obviously like the delivery of the ideas and keeping it clean. Like I find a lot of editing that I do is not really editing um for the sake of editing. It's it's sort of like removing the fluff that's getting in the way of the big idea or getting in the way of what is actually out there. But uh just the other day, just the other day, Steph and I was critiquing um a headline and and like a like a retargeting sales sales page and and the copyriter kept like redirecting me back to the words, redirecting me back to the words like, "Oh, you know, you know, so what would you say here? Like what is is this headline good? Is this headline good? Is this headline good?" And I just found myself saying like, I would really be able to give you better feedback here if you show me the five big ideas of the five main competitors of this offer. So I actually have context on like the promise that everybody else is making, the big ideas everybody else is saying. So I mean either you differentiate or you know you but at least you know what you know what's being said, right? And I think many copyriters today, at least some of the newer ones, especially some of the Gen Z copyriters, they're being introduced to the craft with these formulas, these templates, these sort of, you know, plugandplay sort of things that they're not doing the research that I was taught to do when I got started. I find like I'm constantly telling people to go back to research. Um, you know, so to me, I also feel like that's a big advantage for freelancers is just understanding what the actual market is that you're in. Because now with AI, people are throwing all the research to AI and kind of delegating that, but they don't they didn't learn how to do the they didn't learn how to do that research in the first place, you know, they didn't learn the process of what it takes. Do you think like for copyriters now like what is the balance? Because, you know, obviously we have AI now. So if I were to start today, I probably would integrate AI as quickly as possible into my process. But as a copyriter knowing what I know, I almost wouldn't want to at the beginning. So I would learn like the the foundation and develop the skill and the thinking processes without it. So like if you're developing these skills, you've been in the game two or three years. What is the best play? Like how much do you use AI in your process? What would you say? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a great question. You know, for me, like in for example with R&amp;B2, I really what I really tried to accomplish, and I'm not just sharing this just to plug RBC2, but what I really tried to accomplish was helping people to understand like how to think about copy, like give them the foundational knowledge, but then also use AI at the same time to expedite everything. So for example, we go to research and RMBC stands for research mechanism brief copy, right? And then the original 2020 version of it, it was exactly that. It was okay, do essentially do psychoraphic research, find your unique mechanism, uh do like a brief, which was sort of what are the points that you'll need to have when you're writing the copy, like especially for VSSLs, it was pretty VSSL focused. um and then like write the actual copy and what's like the outline common structure and it was sort of this like assembly line process which was really valuable and useful uh for a lot of people in a lot of cases like so if we look at R&amp;B2 we go to research there's like b what I did is took like essentially there's four research steps now right so one is using and they're all pretty much all using deep research I like Gemini 2.5 pro the most for deep research chat GPT works others work so So the first is like product market awareness, right? And so it's sort of like specifically for the product that you're trying to sell and the category you're selling for like what is that level of product market awareness? It's I think actually really important and I talk about in that course but I'll talk about here too. I I feel like I appreciated that there's like the five levels right for people who are kind of most people watching are probably fairly familiar, right? There's like unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware, most aware, right? So, someone who's completely unaware, doesn't know they have a problem, really hard to sell to normally. Like, ironically enough, not ironically enough, but funnily enough, um, if we talk about like high ticket coaching or like kind of bisop for example, you often can sell to that person. Still probably not ideal, but you can because even if they're not aware that they don't they have like a money problem, almost everybody wants more money, right? Whereas, if somebody is like unaware that, you know, they have a weight problem or issue, it'd be really hard to sell to them. Like, because all what are you going to do is say, "Hey, I'm a I'm a video ad talking to you and you're a fat piece of crap." Like, surprise. &gt;&gt; All they're going to do is go f you and go away. You know, it doesn't make sense. But like &gt;&gt; like, you know, bisop money-making opportunities, things like that. Like, you could sell to them. Probably still not the the best, right? Then there's like problem aware. So, okay. Hey, like, man, I'm I wish I had more money. I got I want to go on this vacation. I feel like I'm getting in some debt. I uh you know, just feel kind of pinched at the end of the month and I'm I'm stressed out. All right. Like, solution aware, like, okay, cool. Well, I've seen the way I look at this is a little bit different than the classic Eugene Schwarz way, but solution was like I like I know there are solutions like I could go work do Uber. I could go uh like, you know, drive for um I could do Postmates. I, you know, maybe I've I've seen some stuff about making money online with like an e-commerce business or or whatever it is. Like I kind of know about solutions. Product aware to me and this is way I do it in RBC2 is like they kind of know pretty specifically about like your um like they know about solutions are similar to the one you sell. I think this is different, right? Like in in the Eugene Schwarz classic five-step thing, it's like they know about your solution um or your product. I think it's better to look at like a category of products because a lot of us are selling the same thing. So I use in RBC2 an example for like Airbnb arbitrage, right? In that case, like they sort of they know about uh things like Airbnb arbitrage, which is where you go rent a property long-term and you convince like the landlord or the owner of the property to let you operate as a short-term rental and then you arbitrage the profits. So, I pay 3K a month for rent. I do short-term rentals and make 7K a month. I made 4K profit, right? Like, you know, bunch of people have done that type of like high ticket offer. they'll teach you how to do it, put you in high ticket coaching, whatever it is, right? So, okay, like I'm I know there's sort of Airbnb arbitrage. I know there's things like that. And then if you go to like the most aware at that point, yeah, maybe they know about you and your product and your brand and you're like retargeting there and whatever, right? So, if you go back to research then like one of the first questions is like where are they on that journey? Because if we talk to him at the wrong we're talking to people who are like, how do I say this? I'll give you another quick concrete example. Uh for I have a skincare brand Opal Beauty. We have like a whipped whipped tallow, right? So it's grass-fed beef tallow with vanilla bean extract. Incredible product. Moisturizes your skin. Smells amazing. It's like whipped frosting. I truly love it. Uh and we started running ads to it. And I kind of made the assumption that people were very like product aware because it had gone I'd seen it would gone viral on TikTok. So I kind of was writing ads assuming people know about whipped tallow and how it's got great benefits for your skin. And then it was just more about how ours is like grass-fed and amazing and smells good and hey your skin's going to look great. And it didn't really like resonate very well, right? So then I actually did like deep research asked like Gemini, okay, what does it what's the distribution look like? How if you were going to put a percentage of people in each of these categories, what would each category be? &gt;&gt; Oh, that's a good question to ask, Gemma. Oh, interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Right. So then when you do that, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; you find that's actually only like maybe 10% of the market is is really like product aware, right? Most of the people are problem aware and solution aware. And so then you're like, okay, I have to do a totally different type of marketing here. I need to actually educate them like I have to talk about the painoint and the problem first. that I have to introduce tallow but educate them on how it actually solves that problem and that painoint which by the way means generally more copy right it might need like a a longer video ad a longer avitorial a longer product page whatever it is um and so like that's like the first step but you can have so you can have Gemini do all that research and and give you like the percentages and help you to decide where to target but you also need to understand all that first right? Like so you have to kind of understand like the levels of product market awareness and how what that means and the assets and how you're going to talk to people and everything and then you go hey Gemini do this report for me so I can see where each you know group is and going back to what I was the the open loop about high ticket coaching for example and people who are start struggling there um I I think one of the biggest things that I noticed is you generally see a lot of people in that space kind of assume or talk to to folks who are product aware at the very least solution aware but often product aware right so like for bisop so you look at the copy and it'll be like you know you've heard drop shipping you've heard of uh you know this isn't drop shipping it's not FBA uh you know it's not this and it's like cool like yeah that works but what percentage of the market are you capturing there maybe it's like 20% that are in that level of awareness whereas if you go up a level if you look at the people who have really scaled like bisop to 50 million 100 million whatever it is then typically They're going out all the way up to problemaware and they're speaking to them differently. They're not assuming they know about all these things, right? They may mention it still further later in the copy, but they're like they're they're starting at a much broader like level of like you're like you want more money. You're you're burned out. You feel like you're like a almost doing like a like a like a like a surf doing slave labor for a boss. You have no time freedom. You have no right. These sorts of things. Uh and then if you go to like a Grant Cardone who ultimately does sort of like biz off through real estate uh and you know love him or hate him is like you know one of the most successful people who frankly comes from our like our space who's just transcended to become like a a known figure &gt;&gt; he's Yeah. But he's able to do that like he he basically talks to unaware, right? Like I'll talk to people all the time. I had an air conditioning guy here fixing my air conditioning. I mentioned Grant Cardone. He knew who Grant Cardone was, right? The guy I bought my house from, uh, he knows who Grant Cardone is. I live in a country club community. On our the table outside of the country club restaurant, there was some 10x living magazine that's like sitting there, right? So, Grant Cardone because he has created that big brand and everything, he's able to go all the way up to unaware. But having that knowledge is really important. And so that's just step one of research, right? Okay. So, cool. Perfect. Now, what about the competitor research? So, going back to what you said, okay, like who are the main competitors? What are like the value propositions? What do people like about them? What do people not like about them? Like what are like the, you know, like where what are their big ideas? Like really the US piece too though. It's huge, right? Because what what are how are they selling? Like if they're doing well, great. But why are they selling well? And then where are the gaps? You know, so it's like you take that, then you do the psychoraphic research, which was what the original RBC had. So it's like the deepseated hopes and dreams and victories and failures and and deepest desires that people have like the dark night of their soul when they're in bed staring at the ceiling at two in the morning mean like I got to make a life change like okay cool let's get that. So I there's basically deep research prompts for all three of those and then what I do is I take it put into quad go hey here's three different documents create like a unified research document that sort of has all all those things together and then then I have essentially this like research document that should give me the right insights for when I go to create copy and go on to the next step of the the process but it but it all does still interlock together because if I go to my unique mechanism for example like my like there there's different mechanisms depending on the level of product market awareness Right? Like so if you go back to Airbnb arbitrage then if I'm trying to talk to people who are like product aware or are most aware and then it's sort of the mechanism might be like hey here's why most Airbnb arbitrage programs have have have messed up or gotten you know not worked for you but if I'm talking to somebody who's way up here like they have some examples but I use AI to generate ideas for this too but in RBC2 it's like there's like the income gap the income asset gap, right? Essentially, you think you have an income problem, but actually you have an asset problem, right? No one's ever gotten you no one's ever gone like income rich like you can't be income rich. Like you can make money, but you'll never be rich. It doesn't matter how much income you make, right? You only get rich from assets. But mostly bisop things like that there because you're speaking up here, you'll go through bisop funnels all the time. I'm sure you may have seen this too. And it's never like super complicated. There's not this really crazy complex mechanism and ultimately you're just telling people stuff they kind of already know, but you're saying it in a unique way that reframes it for them or creates a paradigm shift. But it kind of makes sense because again they're they're high up here. Like you don't need to over complicate it. You just need to share like information with them that reaffirms what they're seeing or their beliefs or their views and be like here's this is why. So somebody goes oh that makes sense, right? And then we go on to our journey. So I'll pause there. I don't mean I know it's a long- winded answer of me. &gt;&gt; No, it was very interesting. I mean, I I just had one thought about the 10X guys. I even saw one here in Cape Town. He had like a 10x hat on busy walking down the street. So, like, he's definitely got to that level of, &gt;&gt; you know, outside of our industry, let's say, fame and and he's definitely targeting those people. And there's another guy as well, actually. It's Iman Gaji has also been &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; targeting people quite well with his unaware stuff. Like, he's got a channel where he just says, you know, millionaire in Dubai day in the life. and he's attracting loads of people that just want to see like what it's like to be wealthy and then that you know that that's their introduction to him and then they want to know more about him and how he's rich and then suddenly now they're in his in his uh content ecosystem you know so yeah that's actually really interesting that you can target you know unaware to some extent with bisop um I I know that you said something that made I put a note here because I thought wow that's that's interesting because you know when we're looking for gaps right when we're looking for gaps as marketers I I usually sit and think about what is the gaps I look at all the competitors I look at all the promis the USPS what people like they don't like. I'm looking for the gap with AI. AI is trained on data, right? So it's trained on massive amounts of data. It's trained on all the or you feed it, right? You you know it's looking at what is there. Can you use AI to help you find what isn't there? Help you find the gaps. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Definitely. I mean, you know, because again, if you give it and it's it's how the pieces sort of fit together again because if you understand like AI can still make inferences, right? Like it can it can infer like you know if X and Y. So if it looks at like the product market awareness levels and then you're telling it we're focused on this segment of product market awareness and then here's the competitors and here's what they're talking to. Here's the psychoraphic information, right? Like based on this like what are you know what's missing like what are the gaps what's a logical thing that should be messaging what's logical messaging that should be used for you know this segment of the market that you we don't see and I should in fact like and and so even like if I do so yeah basically that's the short answer and then even if I do like unique mechanisms of AI I'll then be like okay now like evaluate it here's the five I like the most here's like the research I've had like based on this research like which ones rank them one to five. Which one do you think is the most likely to succeed and why? And like a lot of times you'll see that it's like related to like this resonates a lot but nobody's talking about it but like they probably should be you know things of that nature. So yeah I I think definitely you can &gt;&gt; that's interesting. The kinds of questions that you know you just gave me some examples of something that you would ask AI. Those kinds of questions are very different to some of the questions that uh I mean you know copyrighters have have used AI for. It just shows that you really do actually have to understand marketing because if you just say hey can you write me a headline you know as a bad example. It's like hey just write me a headline in this niche that's not going to that's not going to like AI is not solving that because it's just amplifying what you've given it right. I mean that's how I' I've seen it. I've seen AI is like a kind of like money right? Money is like a it's a it's an amplification tool. If you do something and you're a certain type of person with more money, you typically end up being like that even more and it amplifies. So like AI is similar with, you know, generating. It's like you have this thing that you want to generate. It amplifies that process. So, so then it kind of goes back to, you know, what we were talking about earlier, which is, okay, you're a copyriter and or marketer and you want to improve at your craft, but now AI is kind of the easy route sometimes and sometimes it's easy to take shortcuts with AI. At least I've seen behavior of copyrighters. They they it's like it is easier to just kind of ask AI to to do it, but you still have to go through that that I I went through a lot of pain to to become a good writer, you you know, I had to like do stuff I didn't want to do. Whereas AI can almost silver bullet it if you have if you don't know what you don't know, you know. So, like how do you besides, you know, being curious um like continue to improve at those skills? A lot of people say like just go work inhouse and just go work with a big company for a while. Like just really work with a big company, go work with some or an agency or like get in there with some good guys and like work really really hard. Um what is something that they can do? like is it would would you suggest something like that for most copers? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've I've definitely actually I'm I'm alone of those people. I mean, I've given that advice for many years, which is that if it's a good in-house position, you know, doing that for a year or two, especially if you're fairly early on in your journey really is tends to be a good decision, a good move. I mean, especially there are, I think, less there's less freelancing opportunities today than there were a few years ago. There still are plenty of opportunities, but especially with AI. Um, because basically what happens is someone like me who knows how to leverage AI, like I just am a thousand times faster. I'm so much faster. I can do like, you know, VSSLs, whether that's like an infeed VSSL or somebody wants their traditional one or I mean avertorials, I can I can do five or 10 or 15 avertorials in a day and they're all going to be like really good. Like I can just my output's so much higher. So like I've still could get hired, you know, to do things, but I can I can replace the output of like 10 other copywriters, right? So you basically need fewer people. So they're still hiring, but they're hiring generally fewer people who are more skilled. And so like the idea of somebody just taking a fly like and by the way and I charge less. I used to charge like 50k for VSSL. Now I usually charge like 35k, right? Like that's but I don't even do VSSLs that much like but when I do and it kind of sucks like I loved when I I 50 75 100 sometimes whatever. Um you know for many years in a row I made over a million dollars a year just purely on VSSL writing income. Um, and uh, it was great. You know, uh, the trade-off though is that like when I do take a VSSL project on, which again, it has to really make sense because most people who want to do VSSL probably shouldn't. they're thinking about like a landing page VSSO and I'm like I you it won't doesn't make sense unless you have a really specific traffic strategy or reason why like um you know but like I just so I charge less and even so basically you can get which better outputs more outputs um for ultimately everything's more economical essentially like right like price is economical uh the outputs are economical so if I am a a freelancer I I mean, first of all, I really do think it's about understanding marketing more holistically now, right? It's understanding the whole journey. Um, how the pieces fit together because a lot of people still do not understand that, especially when they come up and they buy some other dude's copyrightiting course who's on Twitter or whatever it is, and it's like the person's just sort of, you know, teach write emails and you'll make lots of money, right? Right. And it's like, dude, that messaging worked like 5 years ago because it was true 5 years ago, but it's not true anymore really. Like most of you, people don't need more emails. Like it's very easy to write emails, right? Especially &gt;&gt; I mean, I don't find like most of, &gt;&gt; you know, to jump in here like the copyriters, you know, when I when I was working with copyriters back in 2021, Yeah. When I was working with them, they Yeah. We had like probably 70% of the gigs, like retainer gigs were just email. over the last two years, the carpenters making six figures, 90% of the work is not email, you know, and it was tough for me at first because obviously I love email. That that's was my that was my happy place sitting there writing creative emails. I loved it. I loved I loved it, but you know, that's not necessarily, you know, you can still obviously do it for clients, but it's not the foot in the door. It's not like the priority that's the burning priority for them. A lot of the time it's they want the other assets that that are more cold traffic related assets, you know. So most people are getting in, at least from the people I work with, most of them they're doing VSSLs now. Most of them are doing the cold, you know, creatives, lots of creatives, video script ads, that kind of thing is like the main stuff that I'm seeing. So yeah, you know, that's what I'm seeing. I'm just not seeing as much email stuff. And I think it's an identity thing for some people cuz some people got into the industry because they wanted to just write a few emails and send over a Google doc. But I I mean there are some people that want that. But I had to adjust cuz I wanted to be just an email copyriter. That was the identity for a very long time. And then I was like, well, you know, full stack copyrightiting is is is where to go. And I mean with where AI is going, I mean, would you say it's at some point it's going to be full stack marketers essentially what you're going to want to aim for? I mean that that's like ultimately that's not going in away being able to actually do the marketing. I mean the cop but but I mean isn't copyrightiting marketing anyway? It's like it's been it's kind of been um diluted the quality of what people think the word copyright is has been kind of diluted to the point where you're a wordssmith. Whereas the the greats that we learned from they were all marketers. They weren't copyriters. They were like they they they had everything was about ideas. Everything was about you know getting you know building offers. you know that that that's like where it's all about at the end of the day. &gt;&gt; Totally. And I I think Yeah, absolutely. I completely agree with all of that. I you know, I did a thing like a year ago about like Tik Tok shop and I partnered with a guy who was working with a lot of like Tik Tok shop like affiliates, creators. And one of the things I loved about that and I still love it honestly still not bad advice for a lot of people who are interested in copy if you're not going to go the agency route. So I think sorry well agency or in-house route, right? because there's still a lot of demand for tons of same thing here like I I help CA pro members hire all the time and the vast majority of the time it's around video creatives like like for meta and it's like just tons of video scripts sometimes longer form but almost always it's like infeed type of VSSLs it's very rarely um you know like a bunch of VSSLs on landing pages type of thing um and it's a bunch of hooks and it's testing like you know just tons of scripts and the biggest brands I see especially anything that's doing physical products, but info 2, they're just testing tons of hooks, tons of video creatives, they're just constantly pumping those out, right? And so there's still like a need, but but it's shifted. And again, one person can produce way more of those than they used to be able to. The thing about Tik Tok shop I like is if you go sign up as like an affiliate and you're essentially you can create like you know faceless narrator videos or you could be on camera like selling but really it's actually a really rapid feedback loop right because you can go live on Tik Tok shop or post a video that's not live and you know sell a product that you're going to get affiliate commission on Tik Tok shop and test different hooks and different angles and you can see very quickly like what works like what goes kind of viral several what gets lots of views, what totally bombs, and it's still pretty easy to make money on there. Like when I did that like thing like a year ago, it's like my wife started using Tik Tok shop and going live and she was making like it's not crazy like a couple hundred bucks a day in the commissions a lot of the time. Like she shared with one of her friends who started making money. My her cousin's wife did like a video about like a like some kitchen utensil and randomly made like 400 bucks, right? So you if you stuck with it every day, you could potentially make like really good money with it. But I wouldn't do it to get like crazy life-changing rich necessarily. But you could it's so easy. You literally just pick up your phone and like record stuff and just like test hooks, test you can script it out a little bit, like what's the structure, what's the call to action. And um I think that's a really powerful way to to also to get feedback um and kind of see what works and and then that gives you the experience and the ability to have more judgment and all those sorts of things too. the the the the direct feedback loop you get these days is is so much better than than it used to be with with I mean with with everything in general. Um I wanted to ask you something about personal brands when we were talking about earlier I was thinking about so I have this thought right because I've seen how these guys especially like the bizarre personal brands right personal brands and bizop the copy is not as strong as I used to remember it back in 2020 2019 let's put it that way right so it's not as strong as it used to be and what I found is many of them are resorting to you you know, longer sales processes with sales teams and heavier content marketing with like when I say content, I mean like their face and more reels and more content and then just leaning into their brand more. So, they're leaning into their brand more, leaning into content more, leaning into sales process more. And really, the only call to action a lot of them actually just make is like, "Send me a DM." They don't even actually have an offer offer page. So, you know, there's there's a couple pieces of that. So I I started breaking it down thinking like okay so maybe the personal brand that's how they're differentiating they're using their face because the market's level five sophistication. So they're like their face is in a sense uh prospect segmented marketing right because a lot of them like a young guy will attract young men to his offer more often right than somebody from you know like Dan Lock for example like a lot of his market were Asian like because they resonate with the fact that he's he's an immigrant in Canada. So, so what's interesting with that is I feel like there's a massive gap for so many copyriters because there's so much that they could there's so much more money they could make. There's so much more profit that they could make. There's so much better response that they could get in their funnels and they wouldn't have to have so many of these sales teams. But it's almost like they've tried to do everything they can these bisop guys to like delegate or or not delegate but avoid dealing with the copy aspect of their business. It's like let's just build everything to not need copy at all and just rely on sales teams and rely on heavy personal brand. Um what is what is your take on on like how the personal brand world has kind of deviated from like in very heavy direct response stuff like the clickbank side not even like black hat like gray hat stuff you know those guys they really got their copy dialed in most of the time whereas the personal brands I like don't see I haven't seen a good email from like personal brand industry for a very long time to be honest. I haven't seen much good stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think there's still definitely opportunities there for better copy and messaging. Uh like I get it. It works. I mean, just like even, you know, for an example, my wife started being more active on Instagram and you know, she had a real go viral with like 3.7 million views at the time we're recording. She has another one at 1.5 million views. By the way, it's funny because she's using chatbt to like she basically use chatbt to come up with like a whole persona and then it comes up with hooks. But same thing, it's not she just takes what chatbt gives her and it does it. She'll be like, "Give me 10 ideas and you know, I like this one. This one's stupid. This is good, but what if we did this, right?" But she uses it as like an ideation partner. Um, but even there she's the amount of people like DMing her like, "Can I work with you? Like I'll pay you any amount of money like to coach like you know can you coach me?" All that and and of course she's a badass because she's saying like no, right? She's like, "No." Um, but it is so kind of easy in a way if you have like that content that resonates. But again, she's thinking about it like a copywriter, right? She's thinking about the hooks like what's the hook of every video? Like what am I trying to accomplish? Like what's the image like, right? Like how am I like like she's she's a great marketer. Um, and so she thinks of it that way. But it is so easy with like content that goes viral or once you build that audience of people who just like seeing it like I like you know I had built a personal brand up I I still get the cotales of that I don't do much content these days. I'm active on X but mostly that's for myself. I haven't posted something new to Instagram in months. I probably like less than five Instagram posts in the last year. um you know, YouTube, I have 22,000 subscribers, but I haven't like I don't know, post a video once every four months. And it's tough because part of me feels like if I like if I just went back to doing this, I could probably make, you know, millions of dollars additionally every year. Um but there's also other parts about having a personal brand and being like a guru that like I didn't like and so I'm torn. But anyway, like Longwinded Way is saying, I get why they do it because it is actually really it seems really easy if you just have like good content and your faces out there and everything, but I do feel like there's always still an opportunity to marry those two things, right? If they were more intentional sometimes with the hooks of their videos, if they were more dialed in with those emails that they do send out, um, you know, so I think there's still an opportunity there for sure, but it's um, yeah, I don't know, but I get why they do it. M. So, you know, I got to ask you because you say you're torn about it, about doing more personal brand stuff, like what what what about that exactly is not your thing? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I I just I feel like it's kind of a lot. Like I I when you like when I first started sharing publicly, you know, and I think this is the experience for most people, the response is like overwhelmingly positive. Everyone's like, "Oh my gosh, this is great. You're amazing. Oh my god, you're changing my life. Like, thank you so much." Like, you know, all that. You're like, "Perfect." But then as you kind of keep going, then it's just weird, right? You you start to get like haters and you have people who like just have like an irrational dislike of you for no reason really except for it's like they've decided like it's like a sports team or something, I guess, right? They're like like um but they kind of Yeah. So they start hating. You get haters which is okay. Like I've gotten really good at ignoring the haters. Um, but then also I don't know the other thing I don't like about it is it's weird because you're creating this public persona even when you try to be authentic like you create like a public persona or like like an image of yourself that is not super dynamic necessarily. And so it's an interesting thing even where people will will watch videos that I put on YouTube in 2021 and then like assume that that's who I am today in 2025 and so they'll reach out and they'll talk to me but they're talking to 2021 stuff and and I'm 2025 Stephven, right? And it's it's sort of bizarre. So, somebody just watches some of the content or they watch old content and they sort of get this very like frozen snapshot of like this is who you are and this is your identity which all of it is like who cares because you're making plenty of money like great you know you're helping people obviously as well. Um so you know that's cool. I think the other thing that got there's two other thoughts but thought number two of three is that you know a lot of people you get frustrated though too I think especially with to be honest with you freelancers a lot of time is you give people like good advice or like the blueprint or you show them what to do and so many people like don't implement it or they do but then they keep going for like searching for the next the next thing like the shiny object syndrome so they just keep jumping around and that sort frustrating to watch, but also then like the new people who come up and kind of replace them. And so those people ascend like on and their journey, not your funnel, but their journey. Great. But it's like now you're just answering the same questions and like the same like how do I get clients, right? How do I get clients? How do I get clients? How do I get clients? And you're like, oh my god, right? And you're like, hey, I answered this. Here's like a whole thing about how to get clients. And it's like, all right, cool. But how do I get clients? And you're like, oh my god. Um, and so I think, you know, I got kind of like I got kind of annoyed with like sort of people like debating me and stuff. There's also like crazies like there was a dude who put a thing on like recently this guy had like a bunch of posts about me on Facebook and I I ended up like blocking him, but like he had one post about me with like 300 comments that were all his own and he was like talking about like my seven-year-old daughter and how he would like he wanted to like kill me and then he would be her daddy now and stuff like that. and you're like, "This is just super gross," right? Um, so things like that happen. And then I guess the last part of it is when I got kind of I'm also like, "Dude, I know I'm like I'm literally one of the best DTOC marketers on the planet, right?" And I'm like like it's a lot of work. Yes, you make money, but it's not really like you sort of have to keep grinding even for personal brand, you know? Um whereas it's like if you just build good D to C brands then and build the right teams and the right systems and right processes and all these things it's really hard to do. Uh but then you can just make money much more kind of passively and much more long-term but you're building a real business. I just it ends up being way harder in the beginning. Um but then it's like so much easier where for example my tele medicine business right like uh we did about 20 million the first year in the second year we'll do about 50 million we were going to do over 100 million but we intentionally slowed down um because we want to focus on maximizing IBIDA because we're looking at like selling a majority share of it before the end of the year. Uh, and I've got an incredible partner uh, and COO, Angela, who's in like all my businesses as my equity partner and COO. And then she's like building the teams and, you know, helping with the KPIs and doing the one-on- ones and putting the right layers of kind of the structure, the or chart in place and everything. Uh, but to the point now where I definitely still work on the business, but not in the business as much. and you know, we're super profitable and we may have a nine figure exit within the next like six months, right? And then I've got the skincare brand now and like yeah, it's good. Um, and so it's sort of like easier too. You know what I mean? A personal brand like it a personal brand is easy for the first like to g getting to like a couple hundred thousand a year with like a personal brand like coaching whatever is is like pretty easy. Um, getting to maybe 1 to three million a year is where most people get stuck. Some people like kind of figure it out and transcend to 10 million, 15 million, but by the time you go to 10 million or beyond, like what are you really doing? Like you're essentially just running a really involved business. There's you're just doing the same thing, but typically it's harder to scale a personal brand to 50 million or 100 million than it is to do like a DTOC brand. And then on top of that, the compliance is typically more difficult because you're, you know, if you're doing anything kind of bizopy or you're talking about usually people start, you know, it goes into make money online like type of stuff or, you know, increase your income or whatever or you're managing a whole team of like high ticket closers and you've got setters and you've got this whole flow. Like I think it's just really hard to even scale like those businesses. And so yeah, I don't know. I I just feel like I give it up, but also I I really do like helping people. Um, but yeah, I don't know. It kind of wore me down. I think I think honestly more than anything though, just like I got tired of of like a lot of strangers having opinions about me and I'm like I don't need this. Like I can just literally go in the shadows and build and literally it was like two years ago I made that decision and I built like a business that's like I said, you know, 50 million this year in the second year, real chance of selling for over 100 million, you know, before the end of the year. Maybe it'll be Q1 of 2026. like you know skincare brands on a seven figure run rate already with subscription like frankly I should be doing more of that to be honest with you maybe well arguably because I'm like it's so easy for me it's so expensive by the way but like I'm like I don't like why do I need this I can just go build brands you know um but I really am a natural teacher so I miss I miss sharing sometimes so hence doing this podcast or doing R&amp;B2 or or things like that like I um yeah I don't know &gt;&gt; yeah that does make sense I mean now that you bring it up you know working on your business versus in it. As a personal brand, you kind of never I mean, maybe some coaches will disagree, but you kind of always have to be in it to some extent because it's still your face, it's still your voice, it's still your brand, you know, like you still have to manage that. And if you're doing lots of content cuz, you know, the the social media is like hungry wants lots of content, right? So, you're going to create lots of content, you know? I mean, these guys, I mean, even even um I look at some of these personal brands, like even let's just say in the bisop space, you know, they're on camera all the time. They have so much footage of them. They're like literally on camera all day. So, like your house, your life is a it's a glass box, you know? It's so I you know, if you go that route, you know, so with your with your skills. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Um &gt;&gt; I also &gt;&gt; I'm starting to get a couple of haters. Oh, go ahead. just real quick just just like &gt;&gt; I do think it I don't know if it's like spiritually that good for you as well because it sort of has to be &gt;&gt; you're sort of inherently narcissistic when you have a personal brand because it's all about you and then like even when people like talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about you it's like well it should really turn to content where you're like clapping back and like there's people like you know on your side and people on the other side and then you're like constantly shooting videos that you're helping people but it's also you it's just like it's so you focused all the time that even though you're trying to help other people, I I don't know. I think like there's a level of narcissism often. I'm not saying everyone has a personal brand is narcissistic. I just think that's a constant like danger or a thing you have to kind of really &gt;&gt; thread the needle on. And um that was another element and why I sort of pulled back because I like don't want to be like a narcissist, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean like your your Well, if your face is, you know, 50%, let's just say 50%. I mean these days it's more, right? I mean, I would say like personal brands like their face is selling more than 50% of the offer. If they're like a coach, for example, you know, your your self worth is constantly being correlated or attached to the personal brand that you have online. That's a constant thing. It's like, oh, you know, this is who you are. This is who you are. This is who you are. I got a couple of haters, like I think I can count two that were like actually particularly upset with me. And so now I'm know what you've said. I'm like thinking to myself, okay, I've had lots of positive positive feedback now. I've got these two haters. Maybe it'll grow a little bit more. Um, and and I'm going to be curious to see how the journey goes, you know, because now I'm posting more stuff more often. But, uh, I I do see that. Yeah, I think I mean this is this is for me, you know, to tell you like this is why I just prefer being a freelance marketer and copyriter because I was making so much money like just writing a few emails a day when I was doing emails. And then when I transitioned from just doing emails, I was making, you know, really good money as a as like a consultant and fractional marketing director in like other marketing stuff like you don't need you don't need to do coaching. Like I I enjoy it. It's the only reason I did it is like I like it. It's fun, you know? And even with coaching, like one of the things I one of the the offers I have like a a coaching offer, it's all text. So for me, it's almost like I'm sitting there writing copy. So last year I wrote this textbased coaching offer um copy base camp for some some of you guys that know it. And to me it's like just writing a VSSL per day because it was like 2,000 3,000 3,000 words per module and I wrote like a 100 modules. So I sit there with a coffee every morning and I just write these modules about all the things that I've been thinking about over the last eight years and it was just really fun, you know. So like I really enjoyed it. It was very um fulfilling from that perspective. But but yeah, that that makes sense. I'm glad I asked. So So let let's let's go into this. This is something I know a lot of freelancers a lot of freelancers are going to ask me about this and so I have to ask you about it. So and I'm not going to ask you the generic one which is like what are the tips for getting hired by businesses because I know every single freelancer asks that question and then you tell them and then they ask it again. This is oh yeah that's great great advice but like what would you actually recommend? So, what I would say is let's say you're a successful copywriter. Okay? Let's say that we're talking to somebody that's making let's say 10 grand, 15 grand a month. And so, they have a lot of experience. They have a lot of results behind their name. They've got some brands, they know some people, and they're, let's say, going for, I don't know, an opportunity that you posted on your email list recently. Like, I saw you post something actually yesterday. You're looking for three um well, you you know, some of your clients are looking for for copyriters, right? So, let's say I'm like that. I've got some experience. I'm a decent carburetor with some experience. What would you say is like the thing that those guys need to pay attention to when they're trying to get a client? Because they've obviously got the skill, but you know, many of them will tell me like, I still don't get noticed by these businesses. Like something's missing. Yeah, it's I mean it's hard out there, but I think that a few really basic sounding things because I I'll look like I mean I hired you know we we hire for our own businesses you know like every year and you know like we hired an email copywriter who uh I think we're paying him like yeah 10 grand a month like part-time or something like that and um we had like hundreds of applicants. Yeah, not bad. Um and right but but again we just need one and he writes a lot of emails right where emails part time because he knows I kind of trained him on AI stuff whatever so he he's very efficient um but a lot of people do still suck their applications I mean suck like they're they're they're not very clear and it's kind of like like what okay what like just just first what does a business owner really want like I mean really think about it like you know you're selling yourself you're a cop operator, marketer, and you're selling yourself. So, think about like your prospect, in this case, like the business owner. Like, what do they really want? They really want reliability. They want speed. They want someone who you're not going to have to they're not have to hold their hand that they're not going to need to do revisions and edits of. Um, that is going to be committed long term. Uh, and that's going to just give them like their undivided like attention. Even if it's like part-time, they make them feel like they're the one and only, you know, like Maybe it's just you, you know. Um, and how do you like, you know, so first and foremost to communicating those things in your application, whether it's sort of your cover letter or the like anything else you want to share in like a Google form or where however they're being hired. Uh, like really speak to those things like look, I'm fast. I'm extremely good. Like leveraging social proof. I ran for this person, this person, this person. Um, you know, like but yeah, I'm fast. I'm extremely good. I've I've I'm proven track record. uh like you're not gonna hold my hand. I'm extremely reliable. I'm extremely professional. You know, I'm gonna you give me a second, I'm gonna get it done really quickly and you're gonna be happy with it every single time. Um you know, the portfolio doing relevant samples, especially going back to with AI where it's so easy to do customized samples for people, uh it's it's almost inexcusable. I mean, but I've seen that lots of times where somebody might like you just have to think about it. If I if I have like a hundred applicants, you can seem really good. But if I go look at your portfolio and I'm hiring for, you know, like a like a promotional email writer for the tele medicine brand, let's say, and so it's going to be a lot of like promotional sequences for, you know, Black Friday, summer Monday or special sales or, you know, abandoned cart sequences, whatever it is. and then your portfolio is just a bunch of advertorials or it's like long form VSSLs or it's a couple affiliate swipes for some aggressive ClickBank offer or if it's not super congruent to where I can see like oh wow that's exactly the type of email that I want to be written like they have that experience then like why am I going to pick you over somebody else who shows me that in their portfolio if their portfolio has like the exact like things like the exact same thing I'm hiring for I'm going to gravitate towards that, you know. Um, the other thing, and I gave this advice to somebody recently, and I thought it was good advice, and I I worry that if too many people do this, I wonder if it might lose its effectiveness, but maybe not because most people probably won't implement anyway. Like the big advice that I give to the businesses, like in CA Pro, for example, I pretty much always tell them to do like trial projects. I'm like, you should pick your top three to five candidates and give them like a paid assignment, whether that's to write some video ads or it's emails or an avitorial, whatever it is, right? Give them an assignment that's related to what you're doing. Uh, you know, give them like a deadline uh and then pay them a fair price to do it because you're never going to know. People can look amazing, but you're never going to know until money's on the line and there's a deadline, there's pressure how they actually perform. And it's incredible because people can have a great application but then they miss the deadline entirely or you there's the person like the chronic excuse person where it's like oh this happened that happened and maybe it's all true but I I don't if somebody has like a a weird like negative like kind of like money sucking like time sucking black hole just like cursing them and following them around that sucks for them but I don't want to hire them right and yet there's those people where there's always something every time oh my god there's this happened. This happened. It sucks. I'm so sorry. Go see like a witch doctor or something. I don't know, but like I'm not going to hire you, right? Um but like you won't know until you do it. So the inverse of that like a freelancer is like be the one to suggest it. Like look, hey, you're probably getting a ton of applicants. Sure, a bunch of them look great. Like hopefully I'm one of them. Here's what I would recommend. Like it would be really hard for you, I'm sure, to just pick one person and you know there's going to be a lot of uncertainty. like I would recommend you put me up against a few others, right? Like do a do a trial, do a test, like let's do like a oneoff project, like low stakes, like you know, pay me a fair price for it. Like let's do a deadline. I would recommend you give this to several of my peers as well. Um, and I feel confident that when you do that, I will blow you away and be head and shoulders above everybody else, and that will make your decision to hire me for ongoing work very clear and obvious. I think like that's a really nice table flip because until I bring it up to like business owners, they never do it. They just always think like they're just they they post, they go through applicants, they hire somebody, they they waste two or three months and then they find out the person's not the right fit and then they're back to the drawing board. Um whereas when they do the testing, it works really well. So I would just be the one for that because then you're like you're you're really like a seasoned pro. You're really consultative again. Uh and so I think that's a really solid strategy as well if you are you know if you've got the chops to back it up. Obviously, &gt;&gt; while you're saying it, I'm like looking at my my videographer thinking like, "No, we need to cut this because cuz you share this then so so many copyrighters so many copyrighters are going to just take it out of context and just throw it throw it into their application." But it's a good thing we we said it, you know, towards the towards the end of the interview. So only those who are, you know, actually paying attention are going to get that little gem. So So that's that's nice. Thanks for showing that. That's really good. I I really like that one. I actually haven't heard that approach before. It's really it's really fresh, actually. Um, and it makes total sense actually. I would actually love somebody to to approach me about copyrightiting like that because there's so many people that get really good at the application process and getting the interviews and they're just really good at that part. Like they've got they've almost got more practice. Like I find sometimes the copyriters who struggle to sell themselves tend to even sometimes be better writers because they're not sitting closing freelance clients constantly because they've been working with one in-house client for 5 years all day every day writing copy. they don't have, you know, these sales skills that the guys that do more selling than they do writing have, you know, so it can be quite tricky to to to find um, you know, talented copyriters. And as much as the market has, I would say, I mean, I've noticed there's been a little bit less gigs. I'd say for the better copyriters that apply themselves, I think it's even better than before. I think it's even even more opportunity, especially with all the Gen Z, you know, introduction to copyrightiting courses out there. I feel like a lot of the guys have it's like a lost art to some extent, you know. Um, a lot of a lot of people are forgetting that what copyrightiting actually looks like. And there's even less um there's even less coaching these days from proficient marketers. I think many marketers have actually just realized it's better to make money like as a marketer than to do coaching, right? So, there's there's actually less of that as well from from what I've from what I've gathered from from a lot of um copyrighters I've been coaching. Do you think um the the future is there for somebody who doubles down on the copyrightiting skill like and when I say copyrightiting skill I still do mean like big ideas like 2 3 years from now as AI gets better or is this something they really do need to consider as like a stepping stone and have like a a bigger vision let's just say in in service work like maybe you can become an entrepreneur they know some people don't actually want to do that but like as a service provider marketing service provider is this a viable career Yeah, &gt;&gt; I mean the honest answer is I I don't fully know. It just depends on how good AI gets. I think the the threat or the concern okay, let's say the AI doesn't necessarily get so good that it it gives you the right messaging or copy every time, right? Like, but if the whole full stack is so automated to where it's generating a bunch of ideas, generating whole like promos, campaigns, funnels, ads, whatever it is, right? Deploying those with like test budgets that are fairly economical, like running through them, figuring out the ones that have the most promise rapidly AB testing and continue to optimize, right? right to get everything dialed in to where then essentially it could go through a hundred ideas to find the one right idea and it could do it in the same time you came up with like the one good idea. Um, and then like you know it optimizes the AOV, it optimizes ad spend. It really scales the whole business for you. I think that's like a real you know threat or risk or thing that could happen in the next three to five years. I'm not saying it will happen. I'm thinking it's I I definitely think there's a very real possibility of it happening and if that does happen like what do we do then and not just for freelancers right but for most sort of DTOC you know DR marketers as well um and maybe if I think through it logically what is like well how do I win if there becomes that level of parody how do I win okay well it's going to be products, right? The actual products themselves, like finding the right products, also the ability to scale those products because if you're, you know, like drop shipping's cool, but ultimately unless you're in the ClickBank world where you're just, I'm not trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on ClickBank, like I really like the people at ClickBank who like all that, but like if you're in the world of like sort of really aggressive claims and and whatever, like you know, those like white label drop shipping supplement kind of works, right? There's lots of people drop shipping random devices from, you know, China that are like for all over the place. Um, so like but even then, you know, generally there's like inventory management. It also comes down to like okay, who fulfills how fast you fulfill the order, right? So okay, like am I like Amazon? Do they order and get their product in like two days? Like it sounds silly, but I see that all the time even with tele medicine like shipping times make a huge difference to conversion rates, right? Um so okay it's like it's logistics it's the you know your cogs and really that comes down to like how much money do you have available that you can deploy and then what product do you choose and then how do you manage the the business um because the AI could then go to like management like hiring firing let's go like you know full-on dystopian hires fires builds your orchart does all that but what are like the physical elements and And so even but so even there I guess what I'm getting at with that is like it's like definitely money. Um but it's also probably like human relationships around supply chain capital management like product you know shipping like negotiating with different suppliers like things there. And then it's also probably like potentially still decisions like okay I've got one winner. Do I go do I distribute widely? Do I go with a bunch of different SKUs where because you're still going to run out of money. Yes, you're going to get rorow ads, but I assume there's like a still going to be a gap of time between like where it's like so optimized that you're just printing money and there's probably still going to be some kind of ceiling that you get to where your ad spend becomes inefficient, right? So maybe it's a lot higher. Um, but everyone else is doing this too. So maybe like the ceiling is actually lower because there's a more competition, more products and brands everywhere. Okay. So, do I do more products and brands or is about the LTV? I don't know. Right. And then and then ultimately it probably comes down to like really building super strong brands. Like how do you which by the way probably you need to do now like early on before that happens. So if you have like the brand out even when that all happens Coca-Cola will still be Coca-Cola. Everyone's still going to know about Coca-Cola, right? like big brands will still have an edge because everyone will still have known about them from before, right? Whereas all these new brands that pop up will be like, you know, dial in marketing, great messaging, irresistible offers, like they convert, they make money. Cool. But there's so many of them. Again, does it get diluted? I don't know. Like it's hard to think through that. But like if you have the brand now, and this is true for personal brands as well, right? Like I've got a couple eight figureure personal brand people in CA Pro and like a lot of them are doubling down on podcasts. Should we do a book? Should we do events? Kind of. Should we follow like the Harosi Grant Cardone model? Should we do something else? Right? Like what do we do to build that personal brand? Which is why going back to the content thing, it makes sense. Um so anyway, yeah, like but so back to your initial question of for someone who just wants to be like a copywritery thinker. Um, it's just hard to say. There's a scenario where no in 3 to 5 years, but it's also like how much sleep can you lose over that because it's also possible we find out that all these models have plateaued or they're just never their judgment is never, you know, good enough. Like like they used to talk about AGI all the time and like sort of like the super intelligence and the existential risk for humanity of it. And if you look at all the big companies now, they're not really talking about that anymore. They talk about sort of replacing humans or really smart AI, but the sort of like godlike super AI get talked about a lot by Sam Alman or uh you know, Elon Musk or other people like nearly as often. Um, and so the hopeful scenario from like a existential standpoint is we're going to just have like a really smart, really useful AI that makes everything easier, but it's not going to become our overlord or replace us or whatever it is, right? And it could be that we hit other walls we aren't aware of and and again like the judgment, it just takes a long time to get right the whole understand what humans are uh you know and our preferences and our deep-seated drives and desires and the mysteries of the human heart. Uh but yeah, after that, yeah, money comes down to money. It still come down to strategic decisions. Um there are going to be different strategic decisions, but they're going to be strategic decisions. Um and then yeah, probably brand equity is more important than ever, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's interesting. I asked you that question because on the R&amp;B2 page, the main headline I read was copyrightiting is dead. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so I was really curious like how how you know how you see that and and and really you know why R&amp;B2 you know helps copyrighters to you know not become obsolete. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so I mean the subheader of it I'm going to pull it up to like not lie to you but like right um the subheader is like introducing RMBC2 the breakthrough DDC marketing system that transforms copywriters into copy thinkers who generate world-class marketing assets in a matter of minutes. Right. So, it sort of goes back to what you and I have been talking about. It's like copyrighting is dead is a nice sensational attention grabbing headline, but the real idea there is the writing is dead overall. It's like thinking and it's thinking strategically how does this fit holistically even thinking about well holistically within a funnel but even in a piece of copy like so much of it is even when I use cloud to write video sales letters and by that I mean like anything from a you know two-minute kind of like video ad for meta to like a 35 minute hourong video so much of it is like hey you know we said this above but this here that's not really congruent that doesn't really make sense like why are we doing that or like we need to have more like meat here. Like we kind of glanced over this section, but it's actually really important or this metaphor is really stupid. Why are we using this metaphor? So, it's like thinking about the, you know, both the copy and the journey. Um, but I think that's the valuable skill for at least the next couple of years. Um, hopefully longer. I just don't know. Uh, &gt;&gt; yeah. I think no one can really know. So, it's it's nice that uh Yeah. Yeah. No, that that's that's interesting. Yeah. Well, I think for many copyriters, they they have been wanting to become thinkers. They they've been wanting to like level up their skill because a lot of us do get introduced and myself included get introduced thinking that we're just writing. We think we're we're getting into this becoming writers. Then we learn that it's so much more than writing. It's it's communication. It's big ideas and they are looking for ways to to develop that. So, in R&amp;B2 then you you do go into more detail on like the holistic that that's like one of the big words I've heard you use in this conversation many times, right? Like that is the big um focus in R&amp;B2 is is how to think like a marketer holistically. &gt;&gt; Yes, for sure. And both like with journeys, different platforms, which assets are required, where like the length of it, right? So, you know, when does the short avitorial make sense versus a long avitorial versus medium avitorial? Same thing for the video sales letters. Same thing for the checkout page. Same thing for the product page. You know, when does it make sense to do a more of the same upsell versus a cross-ell? when you're doing a cross-ell, which crossell should you do? How long should the copy be? Right? Like if you think about these things as part of a holistic journey, then the answers actually become pretty obvious. Like it's actually not there's not as much mystery. Like you still have to test everything, you know, but um and it comes again back to product market awareness, right? Somebody's super aware of, you know, solutions that are similar to yours and there's high buyer intent there already, then the whole funnel is going to be a lot shorter. You don't need a long DSL, right? You can do short low video ads or static ads. You don't really need a long avitorial, you know, or anything, right? You don't need a lot. You can have a pretty short funnel and it's condensed. Um, unless the price point is really high because if you're selling something that's super expensive, then actually you probably do still need something long, but you're selling for a different reason. It's not to sell them on your solution like as like you have to convince them that your solution works. You have to convince them that it works well enough and that their painoint is urgent enough that they should buy the solution today and not wait for another month or two months or three months. So, it's really about just really really contextual and um and understanding again, yeah, that journey is a huge part of it. &gt;&gt; I like it. Yeah, it sounds good. I've had a few people that I'm working with, you know, tell me that they they jumped in to R&amp;B2 and they're liking it and they're really they really like the marketing and they're thinking like a marketing strategist because that's also a big word I'm hearing a lot is everybody's saying marketing strategy. Copyrighters are like, you know, it's about the strategy now. It's about the strategy. So, it's good that they uh they get to work on that. So, yeah. No, Stefan, it's really been a pleasure. I really really enjoy this. A lot of things I'm thinking about and took quite a lot of notes here. So, if people want to, you know, copyriters and and marketers and and business owners that listening to this and they're not on your email list, um or they're not following you, where can they where can they find you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, they can go to my my website. Um you know, it's stefanpauli.com. Uh it's a little bit, frankly, a little bit dated. I haven't updated in a long time, but you know, it's still there. If you scroll down, there's like a section that says want to connect and it says subscribe to my email list. So, they can get on there. Um, they can also though just they can follow me on Twitter. Um, it's just like I'm pretty sure it's at Stefan Gorgi, but I like I'll confirm. &gt;&gt; Make sure to drop the links in the description as well of this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of most active there and I'm I am I went on I got more political for a while and I was like enjoying it, but I decided it wasn't the best use of my time because I'm not trying. &gt;&gt; Well, I definitely have haters like that, but that's that's fine. I don't I don't like, you know, but I but I'm like I don't want to be like a political influencer. So, um, sharing more. Again, I'm not on there trying to build a big personal brand, so you're not going to see me just constantly dropping like these like threads of teaching you stuff with like a link to like go buy something from me or like DM me. Um, but that's where I'm most active. So, yeah, that's probably what I would I would do. Well, I've always found when I've read your content, you know, because I've been um I've been uh familiar for I was like 2019 or 2020, you know, like I've been I've been on the email list for a long time. You can probably look and find me. Um I've been on the email list a long time and you know, a lot of the things a lot of the emails actually one of the biggest things I learned actually from you was reading your emails, you're not always selling stuff. You you're usually not selling stuff. And that's that was very refreshing because most people are like you know you know like one tiny nugget of value and then they shift straight into like and that's why you know like then I do this thing and it's instead a lot of your emails just just share value and that's it and here's a thought and here's something to to consider and here's something I'm working on and very very nice. So yeah I I would say if you're watching this and you want to learn secrets, you know, go ahead and uh follow Stefan. But yeah, thanks so much for your time and uh for this chat and I'll chat with you soon, man. &gt;&gt; All right, sounds good. Really appreciate you having me and it was great chatting and thanks Yeah, thanks again. We'll talk soon for sure.