Hello and welcome to R&amp;B 2. I am Stefan. I am so happy you are here and I really believe you're going to be very happy with your decision as well. I am tempted to just give you endless superlatives about how powerful and good and breakthroughish this uh course is. But, you know, rather than tell you, I'll just let you see it and experience it for yourself and you tell me uh if you agree. Okay. What I want to do in this quick video is just share a broad overview of what is inside as we get started. Um, and then you can dive in. Okay. I'm recording this a couple days before the launch. So, I'm not going to be showing you inside the members area yet. I'll probably maybe do a new video uh you know walking you through the members area once we have that all set up. But this is still I think good enough to show you what to expect, okay? And how it's organized. And you may have seen my outline I shared previously, but it changed a little bit as I was creating the course and I think for the better. So, the first thing you're going to see after this video is like the kind of intro foundations section, which is going to go over kind of what is copywriting, what is direct response copywriting, uh what sales funnels look like in 2025, why context is king, and then sort of a broad overview of the R&amp;B2 approach. Okay, this is a really important module. It's going to set up everything else. And I will be honest with you, there's a lot in R&amp;B2, but I really would recommend trying to go through as much of it as you can. Uh, I really believe if you do that, you are going to have a better understanding of direct response marketing, direct to consumer marketing, ecom, and just selling online than, you know, pretty much anyone who almost anyone who doesn't go through it. uh in foundations part one, one of the big parts we're going to talk about, this will be a recurring theme throughout RBC2 is the importance of context. And when we talk about that, we'll be talking about it in a few different frames. One frame is platform specific. So what do I mean? I mean that the salesfunnel journey, the journey from somebody who maybe doesn't have any idea the brand brand or the product uh you know that you're selling or the service that you're selling exists, you know, goes from unawareness about you to buying, right? And that looks kind of different on meta and native and it also is different depending on what you're selling and the pricing and all these other things. I'll talk about this in the foundational model um or module but it's also really heavily about product and market awareness and again I don't want to repeat myself because I'll talk about the next module but basically the you know the thing to understand is like the way you sell to somebody who knows your product or service exists or who's really actively looking for a product or service very similar to what you are offering or you're writing copy for is different than somebody who is vaguely aware that they have a problem and kind of wants to solve it but isn't looking right. And so there's a lot of importance of context and I actually think it's one of the key things when it comes to writing great copy and uh you know effectively converting people from prospects to customers online. So we go through all this in the foundations I won't over uh share over explain here. We then get into deep research and essentially there are four steps in the core research process and then I included a section on ingredient research too for people who write supplements. But we're going to look at product market awareness is what I just mentioned and I'm going to give you for all these I mean they're kind of bulleted out. I got more in depth with my what's included as I went later in this outline. So maybe I'll add to it. But basically um you know what it is, why it matters and also uh a deep research process for doing product market awareness for any product, service, what have you. All right. So sorry I decided I wanted to add more stuff. So I paused it and restarted. Okay. So kind I just said about product market awareness that's here. Okay. competitor research like a deep research process for create another document that does competitor analysis, right? So you'll get not just understanding who the competitors are, but what kind of claims do they make? What do your prospects in their specific level of product market awareness, right? Like what do they like about the competitor products? What do they dislike? Okay. Um, this is really helpful because you know you you are even if the even if your prospect customer isn't like aware of your product or service like they're aware of other competitors who do similar stuff like at a broad level maybe other weight loss com you know companies other make money online people whatever it is right so we want to understand that psychoraphic research is really what the original R was in the original R&amp;B um there was a deep research prompt for that. Uh but again, what what's important in going back to product market awareness is you're going to see how to do that and understand the psychoraphic research um and the kind of the deep psychological drivers for your target customer um based on their level of product and market awareness. And so again, this will be one of the first things we go through uh right after the intro module. Um but it's actually going to really flavor a lot of what we do, especially for all copy, but especially on the the kind of VSSL side. really everything though. Um, okay. Then you're going to have at the end of this three different research documents, one on product market awareness, one on competitor awareness. I hate how uh Loom does the thumbs up thing when you do that. I don't know how to turn off that setting, but it's the stupidest thing. Okay, one on product market awareness, one on competitor research, one on psychographic research. They're going to combine them into one unified research document. There's a really easy prompt. You just basically feed them to Claude say combine them into one, you know. Um, and why is that important? That's important because when we go to generate copy and really go through RBC, we want to have this one sort of like ultimate research document. Discover everything about the product market awareness, what they like, what they don't like, their psychological drivers, their hopes and dreams, everything, right? We have this perfect brief kind of not the right word because I have a brief later. This perfect document that is all the kind of research information we would need to write great copy. Okay. And then I also include a uh deep research prompt. I usually use perplexity as you'll see for doing ingredient research. So if you need to get studies, claims, uh citations, all that. I mean you can do for any supplement formulation takes like less than 5 minutes. It's solved. It used to take hours to do that for people. Say five minutes now. It's so nice. Um okay. So RMBBC that's research. Then we're going to be going into mechanisms. Most of you probably know what a mechanism is. I'm I'm the person who popularized it. Really gets talked about a ton these days. It's kind of cool uh to be the person who popularized it. Uh so yeah, we'll go through an overview of of what unique mechanisms are for those of you who don't know. And then we're going to do a bunch of really cool AI processes for coming up with unique mechanisms. So we'll do ideation with large language models. You'll see how to use again deep research to come up with actually very good unique mechanism ideas. We'll see examples for um Airbnb arbitrage. We'll see an example for supplements. I think I do one for gosh, is it? I do a bunch. Let me let me tell you. Hold a second. I've got my folder here. Um you an eye serum. Uh so skincare, Airbnb, arbitrage, and then uh I think I I share a couple other examples too in there. After that, I think the two I focused on the most were ice and Airbnb arbitrage, like a high ticket coaching offer. It's like a hypothetical one. Um, there's a process for evaluating them because what happens is you'll get using these processes several really good potential unique mechanisms. So, like how do I pick which one's the best? Well, I give you a process to use LLMs. I should probably say, you know, to evaluate them. It's really cool. It's not um, you know, if you have a ton of experience, you don't need to depend on on LM. I talk about this throughout, but like basically this is a way that if you're between a couple mechanisms or you're newer and you're not sure which mechanism to go with, this is a pretty consistent reliable process that will show you what to do. Then you'll see how to expand any unique mechanism ideas you have and to kind of copy format and the importance of that. And then they'll show you a quad project setup that uh helps to write out those unique mechanisms. But really like the big thing here is that you'll be able to understand unique mechanisms well and you'll be able to generate unique mechanism ideas and then select the one that you're happiest with. Okay. So RM BC. So YSB here and C here. What I decided is before we got to the brief and then generating copy, it made sense to put a pretty long core training on uh sales copy and especially sort of video sales letters. But when I say video sales letters and the original RBC that was really, you know, 15 or 20 to 50 minute hourong VSSLs, okay? And that's still a thing. Um, but these days when you talk about VSSLs, a lot of them are going to be six to 18 minutes long as well and they're going to be in feed so they're run as meta ads. Uh, others are going to be three to seven minutes long and then a lot of them be really short like 2 minutes uh a minute and a half two minutes and they're kind of like video ads. So VSSL and video ads sort of start to get for meta especially start to get kind of um interchangeable and you'll see that there's also a trending on hooks. This thing I call ADHD hook video ads which are like VSSLs but they're 3 to 7 minutes long. Um they're really effective format. Nobody talks about this publicly to my knowledge but it's really cool. You'll see some really cool breakdowns from like vshad and spelt people like that. And there's a little module on the difference between in feed and on page VSSLs that's actually very important. So basically the reason I'm going through VSSLs here is because then we're going to get to brief where we're creating briefs that you can use to write these different VSSLs and the brief is only valuable and the projects for VSSL is only valuable if you really understand how VSSL's work. So that's why we're doing this in-depth training on VSSLs and the different structure and all that. Then we get to the brief brief 2.0. Why I call brief 2.0? It's very it's it's it's a dramatically expanded version of the brief for anyone who went through R&amp;B1, right? So the brief is sort of like a page like here's what you need to go write your copy in R&amp;B1. You'd have you know the target market, what's the product, what's the mechanism, things like that. Then you would take that, you would reference it, you would follow an outline while you're writing a video sales letter. We're using AI primarily in RBC2. Pretty much all the writing in RBC2, the heavy writing is done by AI and then we are more of the commander. We are coming in and we are like we're the boss. We're the copy chief. So we get copy from quad mostly but we can use other LM too. You'll see examples LLM too. We're saying hey this is pretty good but what about this? What about this? You also see how a lot of the processes using cloud projects for example having the referential material telling claude hey give me the game plan. What does the outline look like? What are the different elements? Make it in-depth. Okay. And by this is true for PDPs avertorials everything. All right, looks pretty good, but what about this? What about this? This doesn't make sense. We need an idea here. What about this? Right, we're thinking about copy more than we're writing copy. You're more like a copy thinker than a copywriter. And that was a really nice little insight I just had. Bam. You're welcome. Thanks for the $9.97 or $8.97 or whatever the hell I charged. Um, it was $8.97 for the pre-sale for a few people. But thanks for like the biggest shift. It sounds stupid, but it's true. You're a copy thinker, not a copywriter. Okay? And if you don't like it, this is so valuable course, but it's that is reality for where we're at in 2025. So you have to understand what you're doing, what copy looks like, all that. And then you've got the brief, right? So the brief is like those elements but now because we're using LMS we're basically taking the mechanism we're taking the research and we're taking any of their product details like the ingredients whatever it is and we're writing a 25 point document that we're going to give to LLMs that it can then use to write VSSLs ads avitorials email sequences everything else that we're doing and you're going to see how to like I'll go through the brief process with you'll see how to use quad cloud a cloud project to set it up that sets I can't talk. You'll set up this cloud project that will generate the brief and then you'll be able to uh go beep boop bop and it does it. I mean I kind of want to show you a really quick example as like a spoiler here and I'm going to do it. So give me a moment. Wait for it. Wait for it. Okay. So, there's a bunch of these, but let me show you an example. Okay, so we're in this brief generator project. In this case, I'm like, "Hey, I want you to do a new brief for a brand Opal beauty. Here's a product page where you can pull in inputs." Gave it this one. Gave it this unified research document. Gave it ingredient research. Gave it the UMP and S. Okay. So, basically go ahead and write a brief. In this case, I gave it a website which we'll talk about that you can, you know, for anything where you have existing pages, life becomes very easy. Here's the brief and you'll see how it just sort of goes through everything, right? Demographics, psychoraphics, what are their pain points. Now, again, I'm going to go through this in a whole module. big promises. What does it look like when their pain points have been solved? Emotional empowerment. What solutions exist? What do they not like? What's the unique mechanism? What are nicknames for it? What are the main ingredients and what are the studies which we, you know, had from Perplexity? What are bold claims that we can make? Right? What are emotional transformational claims? What's the product? What are the key benefits and fascinations? What makes it unique? Background story. In this case, we started with a um you know placeholder thing here. Who's the main speaker? Who's the secondary expert? What are the details of the brand? What are testimonials? What are credibility builders? What are medical endorsements? What is industry recognition? What's the normal retail price? What's the actual price? What are the multiple option savings? What's the guarantee? What are the bonuses if there are any? What are the scarcity elements? What is future pacing? What do results look like? Um what are objections and answers? um what are specific hooks you could test? Okay, that's pretty cool, right? And what's neat is and kind of crazy cuz in that case like well you gave it uh a website like that's true. So let me show you this one. I literally just said, "Here's ingredient research. Basically, during a new brief, use placeholders for now." And it created this brief. This first brief was uh kind of more like a clickbank style like, "Oh, Sarah's this mother of two. She has this horrible blood sugar. You know, she has high blood sugar. She meets an expert." So, what we should see like a clickbank type of offer. Then I was like, um, hey, that's great. Let's do a second version where it comes from a doctor. Okay. Okay, he shares a patient about a patient who's at their wits end. He helps them discover the real reason for blood sugar issues and it's like okay in this one you know doctors here right so it created essentially but it even created a unique mechanism that wasn't bad. Now again in the process you'll see like you'll have a unique mechanism you have all that but the point is you've got this really awesome brief that you can just immediately uh work with right so hopefully that see how that's valuable then we get to copy part two and so I know this is already kind of a long intro video but it's important I think for you to see how this is all going to go before we get into the um the the overview like uh part one you know kind of overview of the state of direct response marketing. So again, you've done your research and got a unified research document. You've done the mechanism. You understand copy really well if you didn't already. Then you have the brief. Now you got this brief, this amazing document that you could use to write. And now it's time to create copy. And so here we're going to use cloud projects. We have cloud projects for long VSSLs, medium length VSSLs that are six to 18 minutes, let's say, 3 to 7 minute VSSLs, short VSSLs. And you'll see how we just basically give it the cloud projects the briefs. We say here's a brief um write a VSSL basically. And that's what it does. It's pretty wild, right? Um again without making this module too long, let's see here. Sorry guys, I'm just trying to find a quick example. There's a bunch of cloud projects. I mean, some of them are done in uh how do you say? Let me show you. I'll just show you really quickly like Here's a comprehensive brief. Should give everything. Please write it. Give a little bit of detail. In this case, I'm telling it like a story because we didn't have one. If you saw a skincare one, I'm like, "Hey, here's a story we could do. Go ahead and write it." Okay. And it gives me an outline. Gives me outline. Give a little feedback. Give it the classic sales letter outline. Gives me outline again. Revise is cool. Let's go ahead and write it. And this is for a medium ESL, but goes and writes it. And I promise you as we get into these uh projects, you see them like the copy is quite good and you'll see but you'll also see very importantly um I should almost put this in here like um like one of the one really important element is sorry I wish this was another bullet but basically copy chiefing feedback tweaking all that right um because you're copy chiefing too. Okay, after that we'll get to a mid uh midcourse recap and I'll sort of be recapping at that point all the things I've talked about in this video, but you'll have more understanding. So, I'll be like again, hey, because there's a lot you're going to go into the weeds. I have this in my little intro module um like my opening module thing, but basically you kind of go through hell to come back out the other side to like heaven, right? Um, and so it might feel like a little bit like, man, like there's a lot going on here. But when we zoom out, it's a pretty simplified process. So, go back there. This is my one. You know, you start here, the bowels of marketing hell, you make it to the other side, which is sort of like heaven, right? Um, but basically like RMBC, it's just different. You're using LMS. It's actually way more efficient. It's way faster and you can create any type of copy like with this sort of setup process you're going to go through and understand the theory of and understand the why and the how you can create any type of copy. Right? So from there we'll go into advertorials and for everything we do with these things like advertorials. You're going to look at like tons of case studies. What's the purpose? Why long ones versus short ones? What are common elements? Where did we start before the avitorial? We started at the ad. We went to the avitorial. The avitorial took us here. Where's here? It's a product page or a landing page number nine. Or maybe it's a checkout page, right? Maybe it goes right to a checkout page. Maybe it goes to a VSSL, you know, like why and why does that happen? Why? What's the psychology? What's the thought process? Why does one avitorial go to this short like a right to a checkout page, another one goes to a VSSL, another one goes to a short product page, they're talking about the product, one goes to like a ecom product page that's really long, kind of like a like a text sales letter. Like what's the difference? Right? And if you don't know what any of these things mean, don't worry because that's what all these modules are going to do. They're going to explain it all to you. All right. So, we'll look at a bunch of examples. We'll do walkthroughs and then sure enough, you'll have a quad project for setting up and generating endless advertorials of any length for whatever platform doesn't matter. Similar thing with product pages, right? We're going to understand, you know, why are some product pages short? Why are some long? Like I've been loving I don't know if I can find this. Let's see here. Um, should be it here. Is this it? Like one of the examples I I we do in the course is this at home cleaning spray. These guys have a great ecom product page, right? Super sexy, really nice. Uh love it. Uh another brand we look at in the thing is this clarify on odorex which this is an avitorial which you'll you'll see many times as we go later, right? But their product page wait for it. Wait for it. We're waiting. We're waiting. We're waiting. We're waiting. And we're here. Their product page is basically like a checkout/product page. And this is it. Okay. So, why do these guys have a product page like this? That's really just a little above the fold thing. Product selection, pay, FAQs. And meanwhile, these guys have this much longer, really sexy, highly formatted page. Why is that? Well, you'll find out as we go through. We'll do tons of examples for everything like supplements, you know, devices, uh some like like a high ticket like um like a like book a call funnels, all these things. And then you'll see how to use AI to create outlines from oh I should say sorry winning PDP structures and then instantly generate new ones. So similar concept here um and really good like you'll love it. It's great. You can just write endless product pages and you'll see that you know with our friends at Claude. I use Claude a lot. All right, part 10. Checkouts. So, this isn't a super long module, but it's kind of important. It's good, right? So, here, you know, the checkout's pretty like it's a weird check out, but let's go to Emma like Emma really does a digestive supplement, right? Okay, let's go. One time purchase, one pack, claim your supply. Okay, this is Emma's checkout. We will also be looking at mobile for those of you wondering like you know we'll typically do this. So here's the product checkout, right? Go to Dr. clean and there's all of this stuff before I get to my prox selection thing which is mentioned again here even though um I think it wasn't on the landing page and then you enter your information and then there's a bunch more stuff. So, why do they have all this up here on their checkout? Well, Emma goes right to the contact, you know, the information. And guess what? Turns out there's really good reasons for why the checkouts are different. We'll answer those and you'll understand it. And again, within the context of the whole customer journey, we'll then get into ads. Okay. So, a way we're going back, well, not backwards, but this is just the way it makes sense in my weird brain. Okay. Um, so it's like, okay, like ads, like what how do we get them to start the journey? Okay, so we're gonna go from like, you know, an ad to maybe an avitorial or maybe a landing page, product page, or maybe to a video sales letter, you know, to a checkout to buy. Well, when are we doing what? And we'll find out a lot of that as we go through ads. So, I'm doing the meta ads. I have a bunch of examples and a ton of different niches. And we'll also look at where the ads go. Um, you know, there's a lot of video ads. We'll also look at static ads. What's the purpose? And essentially the length of an ad, right? If it's like a short little ad, why is it often going to an avitorial or VSSL if it's longer? It doesn't like you you'll understand all that. Native ads with Den, he uh is an incredible media buyer, a native. uh he was part of a really big agency and uh now is kind of off doing his own thing and does native buying for some of my businesses. For Google, we'll have uh David O'Connell from the Okonnell agency and he's covering, you know, everything like uh PMAX, demand genen, you know, Adwords, all that good stuff. Maxwell Finn um will be doing Tik Tok. They are incredibly knowledgeable on the Tik Tok side. Uh, so everything and all things Tik Tok ads and psychology and copy and everything there. And then YouTube, meet Tom Clayson at Triedandtrue. Tried and true has been one of the best YouTube agencies for forever. They actually run a lot of stuff for Emma, who I just mentioned. Uh, and they'll be talking same thing like sort of different YouTube ads, placement, uh, copy elements and all that good stuff. And there are AI processes for generating winning ads fast, especially on um, meta. But you'll see how cloud projects can be used to do this for really any type of ad that you're looking. And by this point, you should understand and be like a master of cloud projects. So, you can set them up for anything really, right? That's a huge part of it, too. It's like part of what I'm you'll look at copy. You'll have a better understanding of everything. You will know how to generate great copy. Um, and you'll feel empowered to experiment and do things on your own that work for your specific purposes and needs. All right. At this point here, we'll get into the 15 factors that determine your funnel structure. This is a really cool training. I did this for CA Pro and I haven't done it since then. So, I'm taking the one from Pro, but it's really cool. Essentially, it's a criterion that you can use like a checklist where you go through, you sort of evaluate, you know, the offer, the product, the psychology of the consumer, their product market awareness, and all of that and the pricing, all these other factors. And based on that, it tells you, okay, here's what your funnel structure will probably look like, you know, as a best bet. So, you don't have to do, it's not like the the written in stone, no exceptions ever, but it's a really nice way to understand if you're trying to figure out how to sell something, where to start, what should your funnel structure look like. Okay, it's really cool. I don't think anyone's ever done anything like this before besides me. It's really awesome, but it makes sense to put it here because you need to understand everything else first, right? the whole journey, the context, the product market awareness, the copy you're generating, why you're genering, what copy, where, and all that. From there, we move into upsells quite logically. Okay, so they've completed journey from A to B. Now, they're going from B to C. How do we get a repeat buyer? And that's where really like you can sort of go like you know uh from B to C you know N D N E NF and right like so I'll make this its own big little thing here. So upsells are first and foremost. So we'll talk about upsells but none of this is in a vacuum. So again what are the how do upsells impact funnel economics you know what's the purpose right what are the um what's the psychology what are the common elements like why didn't you know why didn't somebody um or how do we you know what do we how do we message them and like what what how do sorry I'm I'm stumbling because it's actually a really cool training and I want to kind of show you I want to kind of spoiler it for you a little bit here. So, give me a second. Let me just show you what I'm why I'm stumbling over my words. Okay, here like, okay, what are we selling, right? Better results, faster results, an improved version, new problems, expanded problems. Like, there's a lot of really cool stuff here. I'm just going to tease it because I might show this video um in the uh for people who who haven't bought yet. But like, you know, we'll talk about all the sort of psychology, the funnel economics, the purposes, like what we need to address, you know, and and what we're doing with the strategy, right? Law strategy. That's what I'm really trying to say here. Um, so put then we'll just do tons of walkthroughs. Everything from cleaning products like that Dr. Clean spray you saw, David protein bars to supplements like Emma and Happy Mammoth. Uh, and then like bisop stuff like info products, right? What are the upsell flows? What are the journeys? And a cloud project set up for doing endless upsells or cross sales. So whether you're selling more of the same or you're cross-selling and selling a different product, you'll have the cloud project set up uh to be able to generate tons of those. Then we get into email marketing journeys. So abandoned carts and again what like the really thinking about the psychology how it impacts funnel economics how it impacts your ability to scale or the people you're working for or with ability to scale you know and why people really don't buy what are the real reasons we'll look at example flows supplements for supplements and for a book a call funnel um then we'll do the same thing for a welcome series including both like getting them to buy more Right? But also for consumption, for example, they buy a high ticket thing and you want them to consume and for a digital course um I should say with uh right so kind of like this is like a really classic ecom supplement and then we get down to examples you'll see how to like do more cross sales too for a supplement flow or funnel. Okay. um promotional sequences like holiday promos and flash sales. So like a Fourth of July sale as an example or a Thanksgiving Black Friday sale for supplements for like a bisop sort of like SAS tool that's like a one-time purchase. Um also like a 24-hour flash sale. You'll just get like examples, templates, psychology, everything. Same thing with reorder sequences and win back. So reorder sequences for people who, you know, they bought a supplement for example and it's time to buy more of them, right? They're not a subscription. Um, also then Wimach are someone who bought a supplement and now they they then buy more and getting them to buy more and what do we say to get them to actually buy more and by the way I took these from my tele medicine platform uh and I'm just applied them to a supplement example but they work for tele medicine to really any physical product and you'll see that and I also included them for um a like SAS subscription tool right so you had a you I think it's like a Airbnb arbitrage like it helps you like find the right market or the right properties to buy and it's like a tool. It's a hypothetical example. Um but you know how to get them to resubscribe right to a SAS tool and then cloud project and setup for generating endless email sequences of any type of product or service. Okay. And then the bonuses which might seem a little skimpy at first but first of all frankly the core like RBC is insane. Um, like I really feel like I've just you I feel like I solved copyrightiting entirely and I just just I don't know what someone else could really create about copyright after after RBC2 to be honest with you. I feel like it's like done, nailed it, fixed it. Um, but a couple cool things. There's a CRO kind of best practices training that uh Ethan from 48 Marketing did. 48 Marketing is an awesome CRO agency. We've used them for my tele medicine platform, used them for my skincare company. Uh we connected them with like uh Josh and Snow teeth whitening. They've done stuff for Josh. They've done stuff for probably other people. I actually not probably very very very very extremely high-profile people that I probably can't say because some of those people are real big on MDAs and keeping private. These guys are really smart though, right? Um, there's a talk on ecom and Amazon uh from Eddie Maloof and he actually is probably working on an additional bonus training. I'll talk about that a second. Uh, funnel economics like an in-depth breakdown of funnel economics and thinking of it that way. Uh, for me, high ticket webinars, uh, the structure and copy and all the elements of Dylan Vanis and I put question mark question mark question mark cuz here's the thing, like those are the bonuses I'm launching with to get this on July 7th, but I will end up adding more bonuses for sure. If you look at the original R&amp;B 1, it launched with like five or six bonuses and there was like 20 something bonuses uh within a few months of that because people asked for certain things like, "Hey, what about this? What about that?" Or people loved R&amp;B and were like, "Hey, I'd love to contribute a bonus, whatever it was." I'm like, "Hey, let's do it." And so, I promise you, I already have several other things that I actually am in the works on for bonuses. Um, but I promise you, you know, more bonuses will come as well. Okay, so this was a pretty in-depth overview of everything, but I think it was worthwhile to give you the territory and the road map of what's happening. So again, like you're going to be able to you're have incredible research, generate mechanisms as needed, right? Generate these incredible briefs, take them into an LLM and generate any type of copy you want. That's really at the broad level what this what it is, right? So, um, and whether that's long video sales letters, medium ones, 3 to 7 minute ones, really hook heavy ones, short ones, whether you want to do, um, infeed or on page VSSLs, whether you're doing product pages and landing pages, if they're sort of short or they're like long kind of mini sales letters, uh, whether you want to do short avitorials or long avitorials, whether you're doing meta ads, native ads, YouTube ad, video scripts, it like doesn't matter, right? um some not swear I'm not cook my nose to itches um um upsells emails everything and it'll keep getting better so enjoy dive in the next module for you is going to be kind of the opening contact setter what is copy understanding copy in 2025 um a little bit more about the platform specific aspects of things and all that and then you'll get to research and you'll be on on your way all right thank you so much and please feel free to give me feedback, share with me, talk to me uh as you go through all of this and uh can't wait to hear from you. Thanks.