SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2005/11-09-05.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:36
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

This entire newsletter is going to consist of

an ad I wrote for a client some time ago. I think reading it will prove very

instructive to you. After you read it, I would like you to email

me and tell me what you think about the ad... and... how you think it performed. By the way, this ad appeared twice as a

full-page advertisement in Investors' Business Daily.

WARNING: Do Not Read This

Unless You Are Already Rich!

If you would like to know

how someone can start with a simple idea... and

then... generate over $51,000,000 in sales in

just one year... this is going to be the

most interesting message you will ever read.

Here is why: There's a

guy in California named Carl Palmer who, until

recently, was very wealthy and very bored. He

got rich (the first time) by starting a company

in 1970 which he sold out to Coca-Cola just

three years later in 1973. As part of the deal,

he had to sign a "non-compete" agreement with a

duration of five years. After that five years

ended, he went back in business and built up

another company which was soon acquired by the

giant AMF Corporation. After that, Carl

developed Shackley's reverse osmosis home water

filtration system... and... in the first

year... they did $51 million in sales with

that product. And so on. You get the idea. What

this guy does is, he comes up with enormously

valuable inventions, starts a company to sell

those inventions... and soon... he goes nuts

with all the hassles of running a business...

and so... he sells out (at a huge profit) to

some giant corporation that has the resources

and the clout to exploit the living daylights

out of whatever it is he has invented. But now, he has outdone

himself. Now, at the request of the Seychelle

Technologies, Inc., he has invented something

that is needed by every human being in the

world... and...

This Invention Is Almost

Certain To Generate Billions In Sales!

Here's how he came up

with his latest invention. He's got a horse

ranch somewhere near Pomona, California and one

day he was out riding one of his horses...

and... he was bored to tears! You see,

this guy has a mind that just won't quit.

So, he gets to wondering: "What would be the

world's best product to develop? Is there

anything that every human being on earth must

have?"Yes, there is. It's

called water. It's tasteless, odorless,

colorless and calorie-free... but... it is

vital to all life on earth. It

doesn't matter if you are a dog, a cat, a human

being, an elephant or a mere microbe, water is

essential. And there is no substitute.

There are more than five billion people on this

planet and every single one of those people

needs about 2-1/2 quarts of water... every

day... to keep healthy and stay alive.

No water, no life.

But, so what? There's

more water on earth than there is earth, right?

Yes, that's true. However, 97% of all that water

is sea water. And sea water, of course, is just

chock full of salt. Anyone who drinks only sea

water will soon die of thirst and dehydration as

that person's body tries desperately to flush

out all that excess salt. Of course, we humans

can use sea water... if... we remove the salt.

But, that is very expensive! Sea water is not a good

choice for agriculture or industry either. It

kills most crops and literally (and very

quickly) rusts out most machinery. In truth, only a mere 3%

of the world's water is fresh, not salty. But,

almost all of that fresh water is locked up in

glaciers and ice caps or is deep underground.

Which means...

Only A Measly 1% Of All The Water

On This Planet Is Easily Accessible To

Mankind!

And, much of that water

is so polluted it is killing thousands upon

thousands of people every day... plus...

it is making millions of us horribly

sick. Do you own a house? If

so, go down into your basement with a hacksaw

and cut off about an inch of one of your water

pipes. Then, get yourself a strong flashlight

and take a careful look at the inside of that

water pipe. Guess what? Chances are, what you

are looking at is NOT going to be pretty.

Rust... Sediment... Lead... Dirt... Little

flecks of animate matter such as rodent feces...

Chlorine... Mercury... and... all sorts

of other junk that is really bad news when you

put it into your body. Think about what this

means: Even if the city where you live does a

perfect job (it doesn't; it doesn't even come

close) of purifying your water supply...

Your Water, After Traveling Through Several

Miles Of Pipes,

Is Still Likely To Have Lots Of Horrible

Stuff In It

When It Comes Out Of Your Faucet!

But, very likely, your

city simply can't do a perfect job of

cleaning up your water supply. The problem is

just too overwhelming. So, what they do is,

they dump chlorine in the water! Which, in a

way, is good... because... chlorine kills a lot

of those nasty, disease-causing bugs in the

water. But hey, you know why it is able to kill

all those bugs? It's very simple...

It's Because Chlorine Is Poison!

That's why most U.S.

citizens have fewer cavities in their teeth

these days: It's because the chlorine in our

drinking water kills those little organic

microbes that eat away at the enamel on our

teeth. However, using a poison like chlorine to

kill the "bad guy" microbes is sort of like

undergoing chemotherapy when you have cancer. In

other words, not only do the cancer cells get

zapped; many of your non-cancerous cells also

get zapped... and often... your hair falls out,

you get extremely tired and your zest for life

is considerably diminished. Speaking of cancer, there

are five different articles in certified

publications from the EPA, Massachusetts General

Hospital, University of Alabama, University of

Georgia, and the University of Florida that all

prove...

Drinking Chlorinated Water

Increases Your Chances Of

Dying From Cancer By 44%!

Plus, it has all kinds of

other bad (horribly bad) effects on your

health. But wait! Don't go

getting angry at your municipal water company.

They are very likely doing the best job they can

considering the huge problems they are trying to

solve. Yes, it's true: Chlorine is bad for you.

But, the "bad guys" that would otherwise still

be alive in our water supply... if... it wasn't

chlorinated... is truly the stuff of

which nightmares are made.When you start talking

about E-coli, omoebic cysts, cryptosporidium,

giordia and so on, you are talking about

"biological villains" that cause...

Health Problems You Don't Even Want To Know

About!

Again, chlorine is like

chemotherapy: It's the lesser of two evils. In

truth, any way you look at it, it's still a

terrible situation. So, what's the answer?

Well, millions of Americans now have water

filtration devices in their homes... and... that

does solve part of the problem. However,

when Carl Palmer was doing his research, he

discovered 50% to 60% of all the water we drink

in our lifetime...

Is Water We Drink Away From Home!

It's no wonder the

bottled water industry is such a big business.

How big is it? I'm glad you asked. Just in the

United States alone, the annual sales volume of

bottled water... is more... than... 4.2

billion dollars! But, there's a couple of

problems with bottled water: (1) First, there

are about 350 different brands and not all of

them are selling good water. Some of it is as

bad as plain old ordinary tap water. Some of it

is worse. In fact, some of it is

ordinary tap water. What a racket: Fill a

plastic bottle with water from a faucet... and

then... sell it at a 2,000% markup! (2)

Secondly, whether it's good or bad, all bottled

water is expensive. For example, in Miami

Beach at a local convenience store, an 11-ounce

bottle of Perrier sells for $1.40. If you bother

to do the math, you'll discover this works out

to $16.29 per gallon. Actually, because Miami

Beach is a resort area and Perrier is one of the

more costlier brands of bottled water, this per

gallon price is higher than average. However,

even in non-resort areas, the usual

average price for bottled water is still very

high, like maybe $7.00 or $8.00 per gallon. Plus, almost every

American who buys bottled water buys a lot of

it. I mean really a lot! Let's face it:

You need water every day. And, if you

exercise, you need even more than other people.

That's why many health-conscious Americans...

Spend More Than $1,600 Per Year

Just On Bottled Water!

But now, let's talk about

something truly exciting. Imagine you go to a

store and you buy yourself a bottle of Avian,

Perrier, Arrowhead or any other brand of bottled

water. Then, you drink the water from that

bottle... but... instead of throwing the bottle

away and going to the store to get another

one... you fill up that empty bottle with water

from your faucet... or... from a lake... or...

from a river... or... even from a public

swimming pool! Next, you put the cap back on

the bottle... and... because that cap has an

incredibly effective filter on the bottom of

it, the water that now comes out of the bottle

will be equal to... or better (in taste

and purity) than the water you originally

purchased. Only... you didn't

have to buy it again! Which means, instead of

paying $7.00 or $8.00 per gallon for bottled

water (that is NOT even guaranteed to be pure)

you end up getting water that IS guaranteed

pure for mere pennies per gallon. Plus, you don't have to

run back to the store whenever you need more

water. Plus, you can take your

bottle with its new, space-age, magic filter

bottle cap... anywhere you go... even Mexico...

and you will always have an endless

supply of the purest water you can drink. Sounds like a dream,

doesn't it? Well, because of what Carl Palmer

has developed for Seychelle Technologies, it is

now a dream come true. You see, Carl is the

inventor of the reverse osmosis water filtration

system which is what he sold to Coca-Cola, AMF

and Shakley. But, that's what Carl invented

27 years ago. It's still a very effective

water filtration system and it's still in

widespread use. However, the water filtration

system Carl has now invented exclusively

for Seychelle Technologies... is... leap

years ahead... of any other system on the

market... including... the one he personally

invented 27 years ago. One of the reasons Carl

was able to create this amazing new filter is,

he owns the world distribution rights to

something called "sorbent media"... which... it

turns out... is very likely to be the best water

filtration material on this planet. One of the

reasons is, it has a "pore size" of only two

microns (many water filters have a pore size of

50 to 100 microns) which means that a much

higher percentage of the toxic "bad guys" can't

get through the filter. Plus, this material is

so thin, if you would unravel the amount of

it compressed into this tiny, new,

super-effective filter...

It Would Cover A Surface Area

Of 15,000 Square Feet!

This filter also has

ionic properties... which means... it has the

ability to chemically bond to volatile organic

compounds often found in polluted water. In

other words, it just reaches out and grabs them

(they're another breed of disgusting "toxic

villains") and holds them to the surface of the

filter. The bottom-line: Water

passed through this filter is equal to... or

even better... than the water found in any

bottled water you can buy anywhere in the world. The second bottom-line:

Because of the unique materials used to create

this filter, it can be miniaturized to the size

of a walnut and still purify an enormous

amount of water. So, what Seychelle Technologies

now has ready to market is not water,

it's a water bottle that purifies

water. It's plastic. About the same size as a

bottle of Avian, Perrier, Arrowhead or what have

you... but... the difference is... the cap that

goes on the bottle has an amazing ionic

microfiltration device (it's a major

trade secret) attached to the bottom of it...

and... a small plastic straw going up through

the top of the cap. Fill the bottle with

water (from almost any source), screw on

the cap... and then... you can sip through the

straw... and drink safe water from any

location on earth! This space-age water

bottle retails for $29.95 and it will purify so

much water...

You Can Refill It

More Than 1,000 Times!

To get that same amount

of pure water (assuming it is pure) by

purchasing bottled water, you would have to

spend approximately $1,700.00! Plus, you'd have to keep

going back to the store over and over. This invention saves

lives! It has the potential of eradicating a

significant percentage of human health problems.

It is now being introduced on an emergency basis

in Mexico, Argentina, China, Malaysia, Korea,

India, and 11 other countries... and... some

very private market research indicates that in

1998...

This Product Is Literally

Going To Swamp The U.S. Market!

Carl Palmer is extremely

passionate about this invention....

because... as stated earlier... it can save

lives and prevent an enormous amount of human

misery. That's why he has chosen to work

exclusively with Seychelle Technologies

who... in turn... have agreed not to

become involved with any other projects... so...

they can focus 100% on the production and

marketing of this one item! Seychelle Technologies

(located at 1920 Main Street, Suite 1020,

Irvine, California 92614) has enormous growth

potential. They are passionately committed to

producing and marketing Carl Palmer's amazing

new invention... as fast... as their

financing will allow them to expand! If you

would like to have more information on this

exciting company, you are welcome to call and

leave your name and address with one of the

secretaries at Seychelle Technologies.When you do that, you

will be sent immediately (and free of charge) a

video tape that features Carl Palmer explaining

his invention... and... another man, DuSean

Berkich (CEO of Seychelle Technologies) giving

an overview of the company and its plans for

expansion. Here's the number:

1-800-000-0000

Scroll Down To Learn More About The Stealth Psychology Used In The Water Ad

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S. Remember,

email me and

tell me what you think about the ad... and... how you think

it performed.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Halbert Publishing Inc.  All Rights

Reserved.

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Last week I posted a newsletter on this website which I titled simply "Water". That newsletter consisted almost entirely of an ad I wrote several years ago.

The newsletter described how a genius named Carl Palmer had made himself wealthy several times and how he was prone to chronic boredom unless he was working on an exciting project. The ad also told about his creation of a marvelous new product which could save millions of lives and was needed by virtually every human being on this planet.

In that newsletter, I told my readers the ad had ran twice as a full-page in Investors' Business Daily.

Then I asked my readers to email me their comments about the ad and how well they thought the ad did.

I have never before had such a high percentage of my readers make such  idiotic guesses about how well they thought an ad performed. The people who made truly insane guesses were those who worked in financial services... and sadly... those people who identified themselves as copywriters and/or direct response marketers.

The more analytical the response, the further it was from the truth of how the ad performed and why.

However, all is not lost. A handful of my most astute readers (just a tiny handful) got it exactly right.

Listen up: The ad is very confusing and deceiving to people with a first-rate marketing mind. You pretty much have to have a world-class marketing mind to understand the genius of that ad.

First, I will tell you how well the ad worked. It attracted an enormous number of qualified investors who, by my estimate, were willing to pony up in the neighborhood of $400,000,000 to participate in this project.

That ad is so Machiavellian, I believe not even 1 out of 1,000 readers will be able to understand its almost unbelievable power. This would truly be a candidate for the most powerful space ad ever written.

And sadly, I suspect none of you... even after you read that ad ten times... will ever have a clue of WHY it's so powerful.

Not only that, there is a "back story" concerning the ad. It involves very curious twists and turns... and... some of the most bizarre, slickest,  intelligent and corrupt people in the annals of American business.

I bet you would like me to lead you by the hand exactly through every step of the ad and explain what I was doing as I wrote every sentence. I bet you would also love to read the "rest of the story" about that ad.

I've been thinking about revealing all this for almost eight years. I still am not 100% certain I want to tell you all the secrets about the ad and the back story that goes with it.

But I've made myself a deal.

Now all of you know the answer as to how well the ad performed. None of you now have any excuse for emailing me and pontificating idiotic reasons why the ad did not work.

Here's what I want you to do: I want you to email me immediately with your best guess as to WHY the ad did work... and... performed so outstandingly it was almost unbelievable.

If enough of my readers (and by "enough" I mean almost ALL of them) email me their guesses about why this ad worked so well... I will write another newsletter this week and give you ALL of the answers in minute detail. But let me tell you something you better believe. This is me, Gary Halbert writing, and I'm not fooling around. If I don't get an ENORMOUS amount of emails from my readers guessing why the ad worked so well... and... if I don't get those email responses almost immediately, I'm not going to tell you the answers! I will take the secrets to my grave and all of you can go piss up a rope making absurd guesses about the ad for the rest of your pathetic lives.

Look, I don't mind you are all shitweasels. In fact, as the Alpha Shitweasel, I'm rather proud of that. However, I have no patience whatsoever with LAZY-MINDED shitweasels. So, if you are too mentally lethargic to make an immediate guess as to why the ad worked... don't send me an email. If there are enough of you who don't email me... none of you will ever know.

You know why from time to time I write a "kick-the-anthill" newsletter like this?

I do it for the same reason a dog licks his balls. It's because I can.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"Supreme Master of Politically

Correct Communications"

P.S. If you're going to reply, send your email here.

P.P.S. If you're not going to reply, why don't you just stop reading this newsletter altogether and take up bowling?

Peace.

CLICK HERE TO INSTANTY READ GARY'S BREAKDOWN OF THE WATER AD

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Halbert Publishing Inc.  All Rights

Reserved.