SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2008/scott/howtowritebettercopyfaster.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:56
============================================================

"How To Write Better Copy, Faster!"

"How

To Write Better Copy, Faster!"

From:

Scott L. Haines

Austin, Texas

Tuesday, 2:37 p.m.

November 4, 2008

Dear Friend,

In

the first part of this report, I'm going to give you 12 "battle-tested"

strategies from the frontlines that will help you write better

copy, faster.

Most

are quick, easy and painless to implement... a few take a little

more effort. But they all...

Just

Flat Out Work!

They

are "go to" strategies for many of the most famous

copywriters/writers in the world!

Then,

in the second part of this report (titled: "How To Write

Copy Like Gary Halbert!"), I'm going to reveal a couple

of strategies for writing better copy overall... including...

one of Gary's secret copywriting weapons. It's a secret weapon

he rarely talked about, but one I witnessed firsthand.

First

though, in case you have no idea who I am, let me briefly introduce

myself:

My

name is Scott Haines. Gary often referred to me in his newsletters

as "Mongo"... a nickname I picked up when I first

started working with him in 1998. How I got it is not important

for our purposes here... but... it's in reference to the character

"Mongo" from Mel Brooks' movie...

"Blazing

Saddles"

Anyway,

through the years I had the pleasure of working side-by-side,

learning from, and forming a great friendship with Gary. And

in the process, I got a doctorate-level education in direct

response marketing and copywriting... which... has given me

an outstanding income and lifestyle over the past 10 years (or

so) that I could only dream about before.

In

fact, his passing left a huge hole in my life that has been-quite

frankly-hard to deal with. However, I've managed through a combination

of gratitude (gratitude for the time I got to spend with him)

and distraction (both the constructive kind and the destructive

kind).

In

any case, I don't want this to be a morose message. Not at all.

Gary wouldn't want that. No, what he'd want me to do here-and

I'm 100% sure of this-is do my best to impart some of the wisdom

I've gathered over the years (some from Gary, some elsewhere)

on how to write better copy... both faster... and... overall.

Let

me relate something to you he once told me. During a conversation,

I brought up the subject of how my life would be different had

I never met him... I said, "You know, I can never repay

you for everything you've taught me." And he quickly shot

back with, "You don't have to. You just have to teach it

to others. It's your obligation."

Up

until that point, I had never considered it my "obligation"

or "duty" to pass along what I had learned to others.

However, the instant he said that to me, it completely shifted

my thinking... a complete paradigm shift, if you will.

And

from that moment on (through e-letters, special reports, personal

mentoring and my "how to" copywriting course, Shortcut

Copywriting Secrets™), I've been working with that purpose in

mind.

So,

if you're ready, I'd like to continue to fulfill on my "obligation"

with this report... starting with...

Better Copy,

Faster Strategy #1... Set up a proper writing space:

Almost every great

writer I've studied or been exposed to has (or had) a space

where they can go that instantly puts them "in the mood"

to write. And I'm starting with this piece of advice because

I think it's one of those "first things first" things.

Is it mandatory?

No. I often write where I am... coffee shops, bookstores, bars...

even in my car sometimes (when a hot idea hits). However, I

do have a real writing space. A space that has everything I

need... desks, files, my library and so on. And I think, if

you're really going to be a productive copywriter, you need

a space like this, too.

You know, we (Gary,

Bond and I) used to joke that you know you're in Los Angeles

when you hear the words, "Feng Shui". But you know

what, after a careful review of the less "airy-fairy"

parts of Feng Shui, I think there are some great takeaway ideas

there.

Check it out for

yourself, if you want. But however you decide to arrange your

writing space, just make sure you do it in a way that inspires

you... that lifts your energy... that allows you to be at your

best.

As an aside: I

was in Key West a few months ago and, even though I've lived

there and been there dozens of times, I'd never visited Ernest

Hemingway's house... which is now a museum. Shame on me. So,

this trip, I made sure I went. And it was truly a pleasure to

see his little second-story writing room just across a catwalk

from the main house.

You can't go in

there, but it's cool just to check it out through the locked,

screen-type door. If you ever visit Key West, go there and take

the tour. Tip: Take the tour first, then hang around and browse

through the house on your own... and... bring a camera.

Better Copy, Faster Strategy #2... Set up a writing routine:

When do you do

most of your writing? Morning, afternoon, night? I used to be

a hardcore nighttime writer. However, over the years, I have

found that the best time for me to write is first thing in the

morning. After I've had some coffee, of course.

Here's why:

These days, I start

my pre-writing routine well in advance. In fact, I begin getting

ready to write the night before.

Here's what I do:                  After I've done all my research, when I know it's time to actually

start writing a promo, I have a little routine I follow. It

goes like this: Before going to bed, I take all the material

I've gathered and gone through in my research phase... things

like: sales letters, articles, reports, notes I've taken, and

so on. Then, since I've already highlighted or taken notes on

all the important points, I skim through all this material...

just covering what I've already deemed important. This process

usually takes 30 minutes to an hour.

After that, I sit

back and reflect on everything for a few minutes and start asking

myself a few key questions like:

What's the BIG Idea

here?

If I were a prospect

for this product, what benefit would I want most?

What's exciting

about this product?

Next, I simply

relax, go to bed and let my subconscious work on the questions

and all the material I've covered. (Alternatively, you can actually

instruct your subconscious to work on the questions by saying

something like, "Dear Subconscious, please give me the

perfect answers or solutions to the questions I've asked."

Or, "Dear Subconscious, thank you for giving me the perfect

answers or solutions to the questions I've asked.")

And that's it.

I don't struggle trying to come up with answers, or solutions,

or anything like that. Then, in the morning, I go through my

usual writing warm-up and get started. (Note:

In my copywriting mini-course-available here for free-I outline

a 7-step formula for "warming up" that I developed

when I first started working with Gary. It works. I still use

some of the elements of it today... a decade later).

If all this seems

a bit far out to you, just know that almost every writer in

the world (of anything) uses this process… knowingly or unknowingly.

I've heard Sylvester

Stallone talk about using it on the hit TV show, "Inside

the Actors Studio." Dan Kennedy uses it. Author Robert

Louis Stevenson (Treasure Island and Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll

and Mr. Hyde) used it. Mark Twain said he never worked a day

in his life. That all his humor and all his great writings were

due to the fact that he tapped the inexhaustible reservoir of

his subconscious mind.

So, if you'd like

a little (or a lot of) help with your writing, give this a technique

a shot... even if you're skeptical.

Also, you can use

this "night before" technique at any point during

your writing process by simply reading over what you've written

that day... and then... sleeping on it. You can ask yourself

questions about it if you like... but... it's not totally necessary.

Your subconscious will work on it regardless.

Also, also, no

matter when you do most of your writing, may I suggest that

you at least try and do it at the same time every day. The reason

being: I don't think it's as powerful as what I just outlined,

however, your subconscious mind will adjust to a set schedule...

and give you an added boost.

Better Copy, Faster

Strategy #3... Write, A LOT:

The best writers,

write... and... write a lot. It's that simple. Does that mean

you can never take time off? Absolutely not. You'll burn out.

But, just as an example, my friend Matt Furey belts out-on an

almost daily basis-one, two or more e-mails to his list. And

he does this on top of writing an enormous amount of other materials...

including newsletters, books, sales letters, etc. And his e-mails

are almost always exceptional. Impressive, to say the least.

But you don't necessarily

have to match his pace to be a good writer. However, just know

it's possible... and... the more you write and, the more often                  you write, in general, the better you will become.

Better Copy, Faster

Strategy #4... Write for set time periods:

This piece of advice

comes from the late, great copywriter, Gene Schwartz. It's something

that virtually eliminates writer's block. Here's what he suggested:

Get a timer and set it for 33:33 (that's 33 minutes and 33 seconds)…

then, when the alarm goes off, take a five or ten minute break.

Then, reset your timer and start again.

A couple of things:

First, you can

do anything you want during the timed period. You don't have

to write but, you can't get up out of your chair. This is great

because it takes the pressure of "having to write"

off. And, what'll usually happen is, you'll start reading the

copy, maybe fiddling around with it a bit... and... before you

know it, you'll be working on your promotion.

Second, during

the breaks, do something. Walk around. Have a small snack. Fold

some clothes. Or do some other mundane (but not mentally-taxing)

task. The idea here is to let your subconscious work. And keeping

your mind slightly distracted and your body busy aids the process.

Plus, it helps get your blood flowing again. Often answers to

pressing problems, fantastic ideas or flashes of inspiration

will jump into your mind during these rest periods. And yes,

when that happens, you should immediately go back to writing.

Personally (in

addition to the benefits above), I've found this technique to

be very helpful from a motivation standpoint. That is, it's

measurable, so it adds to my sense of accomplishment or progress.

And when I feel like I'm making progress on something, I'm more

likely to want to keep moving on it.

For example: I

just plain feel better (i.e. more motivated) if, after a day's

writing, I can say to myself, "I wrote for six sessions

today." Versus, "I wrote until I got tired."

And that brings

me to another point or tip. I got this tip from a book on working

out titled The Naked Warrior by Pavel Tsatsouline. In the book,

he quotes Soviet strength expert, Professor Vladimir Zatsiorsky,

who suggests you...

"Do as much quality work as possible

while being as fresh as possible."

This is excellent

advice when training your physical body the way he suggests.

But I'd also submit that it's excellent advice when you are

"training" or "working" mentally, as well.

And timed periods with defined rest intervals... help keep you

fresh... and... help you accomplish more. At least it works

that way for me.

Try it for a week-or

better yet, 21 days-and see if you don't get more done.

Better Copy, Faster Strategy #5... Write something easy first:

If you're having

trouble getting started, it's probably because you're putting

too much pressure on yourself... or... you're starting with

something difficult. The antidote (in addition to using a timer)?

Simple. Start with something easy.

A personal example:

Right now, I'm tired. I got roughly 3 1/2 hours of sleep last

night... so... I didn't feel like working on this report today.

However, as a pro, I must. So, instead of starting in a place

where I needed to do a little research, or maybe where I was

hung up a little when I stopped... I set my timer and started

here. A relatively easy part of this report to write. And you

know what, I'm starting to pick up a some steam. Most people

have heard this quote by Goethe...

"What you can

do, or dream you can do, begin it!

Boldness has genius, power and magic in it."

And it really holds

up. Whether you're starting a new business or career, or just

starting a day's work... the secret is to just get started or

"begin it!"

For instance, when

you're writing a sales letter, you can start with the bullets.

My good friend John Carlton gave me that advice almost a decade

ago and it's paid off in spades.

You can also start

with something like the guarantee copy... which... if you write

copy long enough, will be almost boilerplate for you. That is,

you'll have one or more ways you spell out a guarantee that

you'll use over and over... that... you can write without much

effort. Then, when you pick up some steam-which, you'll do most

of the time-you can switch to a part of your promo that's a

little more challenging.

However, sometimes,

no matter what you do, you'll still be flat, tired and uninspired.

On those occasions, it might be wise to take the day off. Just

don't make too much of a habit of it. More often than not, you

can rise to the occasion... if... you just get started!

Better Copy, Faster

Strategy #6... Allow yourself to suck:

Listen: It's okay

to be less than perfect. Every word you put on the page does

not have to be "solid gold". After all, you're not

doing brain surgery! The "patient" won't die if you

screw up.

And remember, just

because you write it (or type it) doesn't mean it has to be

printed or published that way. You can always edit and rewrite

later. And many times, you'll be surprised with your "less

than perfect" writing... especially... if you let it sit

a day or so before reading it again.

Dozens, if not

hundreds of times, I've written something that I didn't feel

good about during and immediately after finishing... however...

after setting it aside, then taking a fresh look at it, decided

to go with it.

So relax, and just

write. If you still feel hampered by perfectionism, just remember,

in the

history of written communication, almost nothing has ever been

published that's 100% perfect. And besides, who makes the rules

anyway? As a copywriter, as long as what you write, works, YOU

get to make the rules.

Better Copy, Faster

Strategy #7... Write your first drafts fast & furious with

no editing:

In his-I think-only

non-fiction book, On Writing: A Memoir Of The Craft, Stephen

King had this to say about first drafts:

"Never look

at a reference book while doing a first draft. You want to write

a story? Fine. Put away your World Almanac, and your thesaurus.

Better yet, throw your thesaurus into the wastebasket. The only

things creepier than a thesaurus are those little paperbacks

college students too lazy to read the assigned novels buy around

exam time. Any word you have to hunt for in a thesaurus is the

wrong word. There are no exceptions to this rule. You think

you might have misspelled a word? O.K., so here is your choice:

Either look it up in the dictionary, thereby making sure you

have it right-and breaking your train of thought and the writer's

trance in the bargain-or just spell it phonetically and correct

it later. Why not? Did you think it was going to go somewhere?

And if you need to know the largest city in Brazil and you find

you don't have it in your head, why not write in Miami or Cleveland?

You can check it… but later. When you sit down to write, write.

Don't do anything else except go to the bathroom, and only do

that if it absolutely cannot be put off."

Good advice from

a guy who certainly knows how to get a lot of writing done.

Better Copy, Faster

Strategy #8... Don't be afraid to throw away writing if it's

no good:

This is a somewhat

counterintuitive strategy for writing better, copy faster. But

it works, because it keeps you moving.

I often watched

Gary write one or more pages (longhand on a legal pad), rip

'em out, wad 'em up and chuck 'em in the waste basket... and

then... immediately start over.

I do the same thing

quite often. You see, it's a natural human tendency to "warm

up" to things. And almost always, your first words are

"warm up" words. If that's the case-and after awhile,

you KNOW when what you've written is not up to par... or...

just plain stinks-trash it, and start over.

Sometimes, I even

trash a whole day's writing when I KNOW it's not right! I don't

cry or fret over it, I just start over and keep moving.

By the way, that

reminds me of something. At a seminar once, I was listening

to Jeff Paul explain something he calls his...

"5-Minute Wallow

Rule!"

It goes something

like this:

When something

happens to you that, at the time, seems like an unfortunate

event-if you have to-give yourself five minutes to just wallow

in your pain.

You can feel sorry

for yourself... scream... cry... complain bitterly or whatever

you need to do. However, when the five minutes is up, you gotta

quit wining and go immediately back to being proactive in your

life.

It's a good strategy

for anyone... and... a GREAT strategy if you're a freelancer.

For example: If

your latest promo doesn't work as well as you hoped. Or, if

yesterday's writing was a wash. Or, if your client doesn't mail

your letter for some insane reason. Or, whatever.

If you need it,

take five minutes to wallow... then... get on with things.

Better Copy, Faster Strategy #9... Use technology when it's

actually useful:

I'm not a technology

junkie. Far from it. In fact, I often still write longhand on

legal pads when I'm not in a time-crunch... making me, by today's

standards, a hardcore Luddite (look it up).

However, I can

be persuaded to use technology that is actually useful.

For example:

Here's a web site

I found recently that provides a service that ensures-in as

much as anything dependent on technology can ensure-you'll never

lose an important thought again. It's located at jott.com. (In

beta it was totally free, however, I just checked, and now you

might have to pay for some of the features.)

The way it works

is... you sign up and give them your phone number. Then, you

program their toll-free 866 number into your phone. (I have

it on my cell phone's speed dial.) After that, any time you

have a thought, you call their number and it asks you, "Who

do you want to Jott?" You say, "me" or "myself".

Then it beeps and you can leave a message. The message length

is 15 to 60 seconds, depending upon what type of account you

have. However, you can leave as many messages as you want...

one after another.

Now here's where

it gets cool. After you leave your message, they transcribe

it (with fairly decent accuracy) and send it to you by e-mail...

or... you can log-in to the web site and print off all your

"Jotts".

Of course, there

are other features, but for me, the "thought capture"

feature is the main thing I'm interested in. It cuts down on

written notes... and... keeps things, especially if they're

online-related, in front of me. I sometimes dictate copy and

cut & paste it into whatever I'm working on.

I turned online

marketing mavin, Rich Schefren, onto this service while at SXSW

in Austin and he seems to dig it.

In Napoleon Hill's,

The Law Of Success In Sixteen Lessons (which was written in

the early 1900's), he wrote about a very successful businessman

who would carry around postcards... and... when something popped

into his mind-an idea, to do item, et cetera-he'd write it on

a postcard and mail it to himself.

The purpose of

doing so was to free his mind to work on more important or current

matters... without... the fear of forgetting something.

Same concept, jott.com                  just makes it easier.

Another service

I've been using for the last year or so is located at: freeconferencecall.com.

The name pretty much says it all. You can set-up conference

calls or brainstorming sessions at no cost.

The free service

works great and I've used it quite a bit.

But what I like

more is their paid service that let's you do the same thing

with a toll-free 800#... and also... records the call. After

that, they send you an mp3 recording by e-mail within a couple

of hours. And, if you want, they'll send it out for transcription.

They offer 72-hour turnaround... or... for an extra fee, they

offer expedited 24-hour turnaround.

This is a fantastic

service that can be used from practically anywhere. I use it

for interviewing clients. It saves me the hassle of trying to

record the conversation myself... or... trying to take extensive

notes while talking. And, I can listen to the recording as many

times as I like... often finding hidden gems that I missed during

our live conversation.

Better Copy, Faster

Strategy #10... Get in shape:

To write better copy, faster, you must have the energy to write

better copy, faster. And you're just not going to have that

energy unless you exercise and eat fairly well.

I'm not preaching

here, I've been in and out of shape more times in my life than

I care to count. But I do know, the quality and quantity of

my writing suffers when I'm not in shape. Also, since my background

includes stints as a National Champion Powerlifter, Competitive

Martial Artist and Professional Bike Racer, I'm hesitant to

tell you what I do for exercise and nutrition... because...

it's most likely not right for you.

However, let me

just say this: If you're doing absolutely nothing right now,

if you'll just start walking-at a fairly brisk pace-30 minutes

a day, three to six days a week, you'll improve your health

and energy greatly.

If that's too much,

or you don't feel motivated enough to do that, start small...

even as little as 5 minutes a day in the beginning. Then, gradually

work your way up to 30 minutes a day.

Better Copy, Faster

Strategy #11... Specialize:

If you want to

write better copy, faster (and make a lot more money), it's

good idea to specialize as a copywriter.

Now, there are

many ways you can do this. You can specialize by industry: Health,

financial, etc. By occupation: Dentists, chiropractors, etc.

By medium: Direct mail, space, online, etc. Or some combination

of the above. Or, in a variety of other ways.

Just as an example:

You could be the guy who does nothing but write newspaper tear-sheet

ads for chiropractors. Or, you could be the lead-generation,

direct mail guru for dentists. Or, you could be-like one guy

I know of-someone who does nothing but write copy for newsletter

subscriptions/renewals.

If I were starting

over today, I would specialize somehow. It's far easier (translation:

less stressful) and, when done right, far more lucrative. Why?

A lot of reasons:

a.

The work/writing

will get much easier over time as you learn exactly what works

or what a specific market wants.

b.

You’ll be  able to recycle concepts and copy.  In  other words, you won’t have to reinvent the wheel every time… a big  time-saver/money-maker.

c.

You’ll be able to keep up with trends and shifts  within your specialty.

d.

You can focus on positioning yourself with  laser-like intensity.  That is, you can  be a big fish in a small pond that everyone knows and wants to go to.

e.

You can keep tabs on the  competition much easier.

Better Copy, Faster

Strategy #12... Reward yourself:

This is something

I learned from Gary. Every time he finished a promotion, he

would reward himself somehow. Didn't have to be something big...

in fact... most of the time, it would be something as small

as buying himself a little gadget from Sharper Image or something

similar.

Over the years,

I've worked out a reward system for myself. I even break it

down.

Like when I lived

in Los Angeles, I would set a goal to get "X" amount

of work done by Thursday afternoon around 2 p.m. Then, if I

hit my goal, I would reward myself by hitting "Happy Hour"

at Barney's Beanery (a great place to hangout, have a few drinks

and chit-chat with an eclectic group of Hollywood rabble.)

That was a small

reward, but it worked for me. And I'm not suggesting you "pollute

your body" every time you hit a goal. But I am suggesting

you figure out something that keeps you moving and gives you

joy for hitting your marks.

Now onto Part 2 of this report...

"How To Write

Copy Like Gary Halbert!"

How do you like

the headline above? But can it possibly be true? Can what I'm

about to reveal really enable you to write copy like Gary Halbert?

Actually, I can't

say for sure. However, I do know it can certainly help you write

copy more like Gary Halbert.

How do I know that?

Because it's one

of the things he did to help make his writing truly great. You

could say, it was his "ace-in-the-hole" or "secret

weapon" when it came to writing some of the best advertising

copy the world has ever seen. And it's this...

Reading Good Novels

You know, when

you ask most experts what books you should read to learn how

to write copy, the typical reply is something like: Scientific

Advertising by Claude Hopkins. Tested Advertising Methods by

John Caples. The Robert Collier Letter Book. Ogilivy on Advertising.                  Et cetera. And they're right. In fact, in my course (Shortcut

Copywriting Secrets™) I list all the classic books everyone

who wants to be an effective copywriter should read (and re-read).

However, once a

person has a deep and thorough understanding of these books...

and... has taken advantage of a few of the better, current courses

available, where should he (or she) go from there?

Once again, to

good novels. Let me explain-with a quick, real-life story-how

reading novels helps you become a better copywriter.

When Gary invited

me to come down to Miami Beach in 1998, I already had a solid

grounding in the basics. I had read and re-read all the classics.

Read as much of Gary's stuff as I could get my hands on... including

his book: How To Make Maximum Money In Minimum Time! In fact,

I even went so far as to copy out that entire book in my own

handwriting.

So, I was beyond

the absolute beginner level. However, I wasn't exactly a pro,

either. Now, you'd think, since I still had plenty to learn,

Gary would push his materials on me and tell me to study them

intently. But he didn't. No, one of the most important things

he did was buy me a novel.

Here's what happened:

Shortly after I

arrived in Florida, we took a trip down to the Florida Keys.

Marathon to be exact. And while in Marathon, we stopped at a

bookstore. I picked up a health book to help me with a current

project and Gary picked up a few paperbacks. After we got back

in the car, Gary handed me one of the paperbacks and said...

"You'll always

remember where you were when

Gary Halbert bought you your first Travis McGee novel."

And, as a matter

of fact-quite obviously-I still do. In fact, on a recent vacation

to the Keys (April '08), I passed by that bookstore and the

memory of him giving me that book was as vivid as the day he

did it.

Anyway, at that

time, Gary didn't say, "Read this, it'll make you a better

copywriter." No, he just told me that once I start reading

Travis McGee, I'll become addicted. And I did. Not a rabid addiction,

but I've slowly worked my way through the entire series (21

books in all) over the last 10 years.

And now that I've

finished all the books in the Travis McGee series, I consider

that gift one of the most important things I ever received from

Gary. Why? It's simple...

Reading Those Books

Made Me

A Better Storyteller!

And good storytelling

("in print" or "in person") is paramount

to persuasion and selling.

Want proof?

You don't have

to look any farther than Gary himself. His newsletters-widely

regarded as the best marketing newsletters ever published-are

almost impossible not to read. He was a master storyteller.

And he honed his storytelling skills, at least in my estimation,

by reading fiction.

He was an inveterate

fiction reader. And what most people don't realize is, he hardly

ever read a book on marketing, advertising or selling. At least

in his latter years. Sure, he'd thumb through something someone

sent him. Or, he might buy a few things here and there that

really caught his eye. But for the most part, during our scores

of trips to bookstores all over the country, he bought, and

then read, novels. Mostly of the mystery genre.

In fact, one of

our last trips to a bookstore-a Barnes & Noble on Biscayne

Boulevard in Miami-was a quest for a semi-obscure Ian Fleming

(James Bond series author) piece of writing titled...

"Quantum of Solace"

Gary insisted we

find it, and insisted I read it... because... in his opinion,

it was one of the best pieces of writing he had ever read. And

it was/is. (If you're interested, you can find "Quantum

of Solace" tucked inside Fleming's novel, For Your Eyes

Only.)

So, if you want

to become a better copywriter-and you've covered the basics-start

reading books written by good storytellers. Try the Travis McGee

series written by John D. MacDonald. You know, Gary used lines

in his copy that had a remarkable resemblance to lines in the

McGee books. He used them in person. He used them as part of

his philosophy.

So there's much

you can learn from fiction.

And while I'm on

the subject, in addition to reading good novels, you should

also...

Become An Observer

Of Life And

People... And... A Collector Of Stories.

Gary was a master

observer of life and people... and I... pretty much by osmosis,

learned this from him. You see, many people go about their day

half-asleep, paying little attention to the things that happen

around them and to them. Big mistake. Your life can (and should

be) source material for your copy. Let me give you a concrete

example. It's an excerpt from a letter I wrote recently for

a famous online marketer:

START OF EXCERPT

I'll tell you how

to get it in a minute. But first, a quick story...

Recently, a friend

of mine drove down here to _______ _______ to hang out, work

a little... and... in general, just shuck and jive. In fact,

this was a vacation/sabbatical for him in which, he drove, according

to his rental car receipt...

4,706 Miles

In any case, when

he returned home, he called and told me something interesting.

He said (and I'm paraphrasing a little bit here)...

"You know

_____, I'm amazed at what a dumba#@ I can be at times. The whole

drive, down to your office and back I could never get comfortable.

And the reason why is, my new rental car had air vents that

wouldn't adjust properly. When opened, I could only get them

to blow air directly in my face... leading to a quite quick

"too cold" condition. That, or I could close them

completely... leading to a quite quick "too hot" condition.

"Whatever.

I just cursed the car company and went on. Well, turns out,

when I got back home (all the way back), while reaching to close

a vent-for what seemed like the thousandth time-I hit a bump...

and wouldn't you know it, the damn thing turned.

"Matter of

fact, I discovered the vents rotated 360 degrees, giving precise

angles for blowing the air wherever. Anyway, what makes me such

a dumba#@ is... I never tried to spin 'em... I just tried to

push them in and out like the old vents. Never even crossed

my mind to try something else. I tell ya, I wonder about myself

and my future sometimes."

Funny story. At

least it was the way he told it. However, it's much more than

that. You see, after I got off the phone with him, for whatever

reason, I was thinking about our conversation... and...

Something Hit Me!

My friend suffered

through thousands of long miles on the road... because of one

little piece of missing information.

Just someone showing

or telling him to rotate the vents would've made a tremendous

difference in the quality of his trip. In fact, later, when

I talked with him again, I asked him how much he would've paid

if someone would've offered to "fix" the vents. And

he said,

"Five-hundred

bucks, no problem."

END OF EXCERPT

Now, that's a true

story. It's actually a story within a story... but whatever.

The part about me driving almost 5,000 miles, uncomfortable,

'cause I couldn't figure out how to adjust the vents is absolutely

true. And I absolutely felt like a dumbass.

But that's not

the point.

The point is: That

was just a random thing that occurred to me during my trip.

However, I modified and used it to write a story that will help

sell more of his product... much more than a plain-Jane, "Here's

my promise, here's my product, here's how it fulfills on my

promise, I'll shoulder the risk, give me your money" pitch.

By the way, want

a top-level secret? There's some subtle psychology in that excerpt

there. Can you guess what it is? I'll wait....................................................................................................

Got it? No?

Then it's this:

You see the last subhead where I talk about how I'd have paid

500 smackers if someone would've showed me how to rotate the

vents? Not only is that absolutely true. I would have, and would

have gladly. But also, I'm using that as an early price justification.

You see, his product is under one-hundred bucks. And what it

does for you-in terms of helping you uncover missing information-is

much, much more valuable than someone giving you missing information

on how to operate your air-conditioner vents.

It's a little out

of context here, but if you were to read the whole pitch, you

would see how powerful that piece of subtle psychology is. It's

a way to justify price without direct comparison... to say it...

without... saying it.

However, I'm not

here to go into things like that. I just thought you might enjoy

seeing something on a little more advanced level of thinking.

(As a side note: Gary was also a master of subtle psychology...

and... it's something I learned by working side-by-side with

him and having hundreds of conversations with him about such

things.)

Anyway, to recap,

don't just stumble through your life. Observe and collect stories...

then... use those stories in your copy. And I recommend true

stories, as well. It's more ethical and they have more verisimilitude...

which simply means, they not only are true... but also... they

actually seem true.

So enough.

I'm going to wrap up this report here. I hope you have enjoyed

it... and... I hope you use the strategies here to improve your

own copy efforts.

One last thing:

If you don't already own my complete copywriting course, Shortcut

Copywriting Secrets™, now would be a good time to pick it up.

Why?

For one, it contains

literally hundreds of tips, strategies, secrets and shortcuts

for quickly supercharging your copywriting abilities.

And secondly, with

the help of Bond and Kevin, I'm going to throw in a killer bonus

when you order my course from this page. I mentioned it above.

It's Gary's long out-of-print, bestselling book:

How To Make Maximum

Money

In Minimum Time!

16 Of The Fastest Cash-Producing

Secrets Known To Man!

This book changed

the course of my life! And it's yours free. But you gotta hurry.

I have less than 50 original copies to be given out on a first-come,

first served basis.

So, if you want

one of the remaining copies along with my course, get on over

to...

shortcutcopycourse.htm

... and order now!

Sincerely,

Scott L. Haines

P.S. By the way,

my copywriting course was the first information product ever

to receive the "Gary Halbert Seal of Approval." A

title I'm most definitely proud of and honored by.

P.P.S. Used copies

of Gary's Max Money book have gone for as much as $70. Again,

if you hurry, you can lay your hands on an original (unused)

copy for free-along with my world-famous course-by clicking

on and ordering from the link below...

http://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2008/scott/shortcutcopycourse.htm

Copyright ©

2008 Scott L. Haines. All Rights Reserved.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.