SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/ac_plasticsurgery.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:46
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

If you would like to know how plastic surgery

helped me become a world-class copywriter, this will be the

most exciting message you will ever read.

Here is why:

Years ago, I looked very different than I do now.

I was just a smidgen over 6'2" tall. I weighed 170 pounds and

my body fat was only 7%. I had "six pack" abs and my stomach

was as flat as a washboard. My hair was thick, dark brown...

and... in fact... it was almost black. My teeth were near perfect

and I had (what would now be called) a "Baywatch Smile".

And, there's another thing: I've never revealed

this before... because... it's so personal. In addition

to that, as you know, I strive to always be politically correct...

and... I struggle to NEVER offend anyone. Plus, on delicate,

sensitive matters, I try to "tiptoe" around the subject as much

as I can and still get the point across. So, I hope you can

understand what I am about to write and not force me to be more

explicit. Anyway, what I am trying to tell you in the least

offensive and most civilized way possible is...

I Was Hung Like A Horse!

All of this added up to me being a "babe magnet"

the likes of which you've never seen. Women would just NOT leave

me alone. They would knock on my door in the middle of the night,

march into my office (uninvited) in the middle of the day, surprise

me by hiding in the back seat of my car, and so on. All of them

wanted a piece of me and my... (never mind).

Let's leave it at that: They all wanted a piece

of me... and...

They Would Not Leave Me Alone!

This probably sounds like heaven to some guys.

But, not me. I wanted to be a serious copywriter! And,

you can't be a serious anything if you are constantly fighting

off women.

But, I was so passionate about becoming a great

writer, it was nothing but a massive interference in my life.

So, I started looking for a solution and, finally I found just

what I needed: I found a plastic surgeon... who could truly

work miracles!

I explained my problem to him and he was very

sympathetic. He went to work on me and, it took nearly a year

(and almost every cent I had) but, he got the job done. The

easiest part was my hair. He thinned it out and used an electronic

probe to kill the hair follicles so the hair couldn't grow back.

In a very short time, he turned me into...

A Half-Bald Man Who

Looked Like He Would Soon

Lose The Rest Of His Hair!

My height was the toughest problem. He managed

to remove several vertebrae from my spine and "compress" the

others. This was a tricky and painful procedure but, it was

worth it because... now...

I Am Nowhere

Near 6'2" Tall!

And, that lean body and those six-pack abs? He

simply put a stop to my fitness workouts and put me on a very

high-calorie, high-fat diet. And, guess what? Nowadays, I've

still got those six-pack abs... but... they are hidden under

pounds of fat and completely invisible.

And, that other part? The part about being hung

like a horse? He fixed that too. And now, I'm just "normal"

like most other guys.

Net result:

Women Stopped Bothering Me And I

Was Able To Study Like Crazy And I

Did Become A World-Class Writer!

And, what sweet joy it is.

Except for one thing: Remember how I said that

plastic surgeon made me normal? Yes, he did make me "normal"...

but... he did NOT make me "inadequate".

I think one of my well-meaning friends got confused

about this... because... every day I get a boatload of e-mails

about how to make the private most part of me thicker and longer.

(Note: I wrote "private most part" because I don't think it

would be proper to write the word "penis" in this newsletter.)

See how I'm looking out for you?

And, whomever got confused about my "package"

seems to be equally confused about all my friends also... because...

they too get these e-mail messages. Hundreds of them.

Even My Female Friends Get Them!

For which I apologize. I don't know exactly what

happened. I think I must've told my story in a bar one day when

I was tired and depressed... and... the sympathetic guy I was

talking with took it upon himself to try and help me and all

my friends.

But, all's well that ends well. Aside from the

minor inconvenience I just described, I have ended up a normal

man and a great writer and...

I Will Still Be Giving

Thanks To That Wonderful

Plastic Surgeon To My

Dying Day!

I bet you don't think there's a marketing lesson

here, do you? You are VERY wrong.

The story I just told you reveals the seed

of perhaps the most important message you will ever learn. You'll

understand completely by the end of this letter. But, I'm going

to have to "sneak up" on the subject to do it justice.

Listen up: Not long ago I was watching a video

of Dickie Betts playing guitar with the Allman Brothers Band.

He was scorchingly hot. He got music out of that guitar

which was unbelievable. He could practically make the damn thing

talk. It was so passionate, so exciting and so skillful, I just

couldn't imagine any musician being able to play like

that.

So, I talked with my buddy John Carlton about

it. John's a great guitar player himself (I HATE him for that;

I can't even play a radio!) and he said the secret was simple.

The secret is...

10,000 Hours!

When I asked him what he meant, he told me all

experienced guitar players are approached by neophytes proudly

saying they are learning to play the guitar. John says the experienced

guitar players always ask the new guys two questions. One of

them is a "trick" question and the other one is the "real" question.

Here are the two questions:

Question 1:

"Oh yeah.

That's great you're learning to play! How many lessons do

you take every week?" (or month)

Question 2:

"How long do you practice

every day?"

When I asked him what he meant, he told me all

experienced guitar players are approached by neophytes proudly

saying they are learning to play the guitar. John says the experienced

guitar players always ask the new guys two questions. One of

them is a "trick" question and the other one is the "real" question.

Here are the two questions:

The real question... the one that makes

all the difference is...

How Long Do You

Practice Every Day?!

You ever see a great magician doing "impossible"

card tricks? He (if he had a great mentor) learned... how

to do the trick... in less than an hour. But, it probably

took him AT LEAST 100 hours of practice... before... he could

actually do the trick... with enough skill... to amaze

his audience.

Remember some of those great old stars in cowboy

and war movies? Audie Murphy (the most decorated soldier in

history) was one of those stars. One thing those stars practiced

a lot was, drawing a handgun from a holster. And, there was

a particular way to fire a handgun called "fanning". That's

when you draw your six-shooter, pull the trigger with one hand

and "fan" the hammer with the other. Audie Murphy could do this

better than anyone else. His secret?

He Went By Himself

To The Malibu Hills And

Practiced Fanning His Six-Shooter

Almost Every Day... For TWO YEARS!

Tiger Woods sure can play great golf, can't he?

His secret? He's been practicing his swings, his putts, his

"reading the greens" for hours... almost every day... since

he was 5 years old.

Larry Bird, the great basketball player from

the Boston Celtics has practiced for long hours... mostly alone...

almost every day of his entire career.

What do they do to people who MUST learn a foreign

language in a VERY short period of time? Like the military or

something? They are put in what's called "total immersion" classes

for 24-hours per day. English in those classes is NEVER spoken.

I got to thinking about all this. Then, I figured

out how long it took me to become as great a copywriter as I

am today. The answer surprised me... because... after I pondered

on it, I realized the answer is...

10 Years!

That's how long it took me to become a world-class

"master" copywriter. But, I could write winners long before

the 10-years were up. And, you know what? Unless you are

brain dead, I can teach you to be good enough to write winner

after winner in a very short period of time. And, that's

as good as you need to be. You don't have to be as good as John

Carlton, Gary Bencivenga or me. In fact, I think a sane person

wouldn't even shoot for that goal. Me and thousands of other

golfers have a great time... even though... we'll never be able

to play par.

Actually, I think just plain, average copywriters

make more money than us masters. You see, we master copywriters

are so obsessed with our work, we almost forget the financial

side of it.

On the other hand, a more normal guy (someone

who is non-obsessed) will write a good ad... and then... exploit

the hell out of it and make tons of money. Yet, us "masters"

will write a good ad... and then... think about how we could

improve the ad (maybe 2% more) or be thinking about headlines

for the next ad we are writing. Us "masters" don't stop obsessing

about the ad long enough to exploit the hell out of it.

People who are the best in ANY field are OBSESSED!

Lance Armstrong never thinks about anything else except

winning "Le Tour De France". Tiger Woods... never...

thinks about anything but golf. And "master copywriters"

never think about anything but copy. Sure, they may have

wives, girlfriends, children, pets, hobbies, etc. But, you know

what? They may love all of those things... but... they are obsessed

with whatever it is they are best at. Everything else they do

in their lives is simply...

Marking Time!

Marking time until they can get back to their

obsession.

Once, I had an ad completely written and it was

world-class. But did I let it go? No. There was one word which

didn't seem just right... and.. I spent THREE ENTIRE DAYS...

to come up with a single word that seemed a more exact

fit.

Dan Kennedy is not a master copywriter. He doesn't

claim to be. But he is very, very good. He's just NOT obsessed.

And you know what? He has probably single-handedly put more

people on the right path to profitable marketing than anyone

else alive. Taken as a whole, Dan has probably provided 100

times more financial value to 100 times more people than I have.

I'd rather have him taking care of my marketing affairs than

I would me. He'd be out there getting the job done while I was

"bottle-necking" (hey, I think I just invented a new word!)

and agonizing over something already 99% perfect.

You don't have a choice what you become obsessed

about. Obsession is not really healthy. It's not necessarily

fun... and often... it sucks. I am about to tell you a story

I thought I would never reveal because it's too private and

too embarrassing. But, it illustrates the point of this letter

perfectly and my insane obsession won't let me NOT tell you

this story.

Ok, here it is... and... I swear on my mother's

grave... it is 100% true.

Some years ago (before Sirian) I was having sex

with a woman I not only loved... she was also the most sexually-exciting

woman I had ever been with. The foreplay was over and we were

right in the middle of "the act"... when... an idea for a headline

popped into my head... and...

I Jumped Up From This Woman,

Bounded Out Of Bed And Rushed Over

To The Bedroom Dresser, Scrambled Around

Looking For A Pen And Paper

So I Could Write Down

That Headline!

Then, I sort of "came to" (it was like coming

out of a coma) and looked over at a woman who was so absolutely

astonished, she was gaga-eyed.

And, this was after that kindly plastic

surgeon had finished his work with me and it was very difficult

for me to get and keep a woman like the woman lying in my bed

looking at me like I had gone insane.

Boy, did I ever start talking fast. I couldn't

apologize enough. I told her I felt like I had been possessed

by something (that's true) for a few minutes. Fortunately, it

worked out OK. Mainly, I think, because...

She Was Too Astonished

To Be Angry!

Do you know the words "Gary Halbert" have value

on the pay-per-click search engines? I think I'm currently worth

13¢. I put my name in "Google" the other day and found several

sponsored sites using my name to get traffic to their website.

One such website said, "GARY HALBERT TRAINED COPYWRITER." I

was talking to John Carlton about this and I said, "Let's

see what happens if we search for your name." We did and

up came "JOHN CARLTON TRAINED COPYWRITER." (It was the same

guy.)

John wrote this guy an e-mail and the site was

taken down immediately.

To my knowledge, there has never been a "John

Carlton Trained Copywriter". Plenty of guys read his newsletter,

hear him speak and go to John's seminars. But, no one has actually

apprenticed under John.

Are there any "Gary Halbert Trained Copywriters"?

I think in my entire life, there have only been two. And NONE

of them want clients. They don't need clients. They make too

much money working on their own projects. Anyway, all this has

been leading up to something: I am thinking about starting...

The Gary Halbert

School Of Copywriting!

It won't be a written course. It won't be a seminar.

It won't be audio or video tapes. Nope. None of that. What it

will be is... you will have to come to Miami and work with me

for an entire month. You'll live in the same building I live

in. It will pretty much be 24/7 intensive. When the 30-days

are up, you will be able to write winner after winner. You'll

have the most extensive "swipe file" of headlines, bullets,

sales letters and print ads in the world. And... before you

leave...

You Will Have One

Or More Paying Clients!

You'll have all my connections, all my "secret"

business tricks (you'll be astonished when you learn all the

things I don't write about) and, unless you are brain

dead or lazy beyond belief... you will have a huge income

for life!

You will then truly qualify as an "official"

Gary Halbert Trained Copywriter. And when a prospective client

looking for a copywriter reads my website (which is read by

so many people it blew out my "hit counter") YOU will be listed

as a "Gary Halbert RECOMMENDED Copywriter"!

Needless to say, you will be learning everything

about copywriting I know. We'll also spend time on my boat.

Maybe do a little fishing in the Gulf Stream, maybe just cruising

around the Intercoastal Waterway, maybe take a side trip to

Bimini. But, guess what we will be really focusing on

during all this time? It will be nothing other than...

Copywriting!

We'll also take a few days side trip to Costa

Rica. If you are in business here in the U.S., there are things

and people you need to know about in Costa Rica... which...

you will NEVER read about in this or any other newsletter or

book.

How big is my "class" going to be? Try this on

for size...

One!

One per month. And, it is going to cost a lot.

Really a lot. So much, in fact, it will eliminate 99.9% of all

people who read this from being able to afford it. I'm sorry.

But, this time, I'm giving up my time, my space, my energy,

my connections, my knowledge...

EVERYTHING!

If you're married, can you bring your wife? No.

She can come visit you on Sundays if you like.

Can you bring your kids or your pets? Absolutely

not

What about bringing your cell phone? Yes, that

you can bring. But, it will have to remain turned OFF for at

least 8 to 10 hours every day.

Can you make payments towards your "schooling"?

Nope.

Can you pay for your "schooling" by credit card?

Nope.

How much is it for you to attend "The Gary Halbert

School of Copywriting"?

$27,000!

Paid in full. Paid in advance. Paid by check.

And, no refunds.

Class starts the first week in January and will

last, more or less, ONE FULL MONTH.

If you are interested, e-mail me at [email protected].

Put the words "Copywriting School" in the Subject Line

of your e-mail (otherwise I might delete it). Be sure to put

your phone number in your e-mail so I can call you back.

I'm not kidding when I say, do NOT e-mail me or call me if you

CANNOT afford this... and afford it NOW! I have no time to fiddle

faddle around with "time kickers". I'm the "real" deal so don't

contact me unless you are too!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

Remember I said the doctor made me normal... NOT...

inadequate? Listen, if you have anything to do with

those penis enlargement e-mails, please stop sending

them to me right now.

And, stop sending them to all my friends too. Especially

my female friends. (It confuses them.)

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights Reserved.