SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/Boron/TChapter20.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:47:52
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

The Boron Letters - Chapter 20

Sunday, 12:56 PM

July 1, 1984

Dear Bond,

A long, long time ago Dennis Haslinger told me that most of

the most serious mistakes I would make in life would be bad

ego decisions.

I have found that to be true. I have made quite a few bad

ego decisions with women, many, many bad ones with money and

quite a few that put me in some sort of physical danger.

I am trying to avoid such a mistake right now and I am

hoping that maybe writing to you about it will help. What

happened is that yesterday I was playing my radio through my

headphones and I was playing it so loud that all that KMET

rock and roll was irritating my roommates. In all truth, I

was wrong in doing this and I have done it once before and

one of my roommates (the first time) had to politely ask me

to turn it down.

This time I was laying there completely lost in all this

rock and roll I became aware of someone screaming my name

and when I cut the radio off I could hear one of my other

roommates screaming at me and telling me to show some

consideration for everybody else and not to give him any

"back" talk or he would break the damn thing (my radio).

Well, how about that? It got very quiet in the room and he

turned away from me and I remained silent.

It shook me up some. Not an enormous amount but some. All

kinds of things ran through my head. I wanted to explain to

him that I was sorry and didn't realize I was disturbing

everybody and, also I wanted to run a "macho trip" on him

and tell him if he kept running his mouth I was going to rip

off his head.

And, I also thought of simply explaining to him that a

better way to handle a situation like this would have been

to simply tell me the volume was too loud and then I would

have voluntarily turned it down.

But I didn't do any of those things. What I did instead, as

I said, is I remained silent eating a little humble pie.

Well, Bondy, I think I made a good decision. But I'll tell

you, it's hard for me to live with. Unfortunately, however,

that sort of thing sometimes is a part of being in prison

and, in this case, the matter was a little complicated by

the fact that the guy who did the yelling usually conducts

himself in a way as to have very little friction with other

people. He does his time quietly doing a lot of exercising

and studying an accounting course.

But that - "and don't give me any back talk" really got to

me and I feel a little bit cowardly for not calling him on

that. And that may have been satisfying for my ego and my

pride but it would have been really dumb.

By the way, I want to maybe surprise you a little at this

point by telling you that everything in this letter has a

lot to do with creating better ads and DM pieces! And don't

even try to guess why at this point because I'll explain it

before I am finished.

Meanwhile, back to my story: As I was saying, there was a

lot of things I didn't do and I'd like to talk about why I

didn't.

The first reason I didn't get tough with this guy is I was a

little scared. Not much, because I am in very good shape and

I am a very physical person now. But I was a little scared

and with good reasons and here are some of them. First of

all, this guy might have hurt me. He's pretty physical too

and he has been working out in prison for years. Secondly, I

might have hurt him because, as I said, I'm not exactly a

guy who routinely gets sand kicked in his face. And thirdly,

(and this is the big one!) if he and I had gotten in a fight

we would have both been put in chains and immediately

transferred to a higher security prison PLUS we may easily

have lost our "good time" and, I myself, would perhaps have

had to do six months longer before I got out.

So, I think you'll agree I did the right thing but, I'll

tell you, my ol' ego is having a hard time of it.

And, let's talk briefly about why I didn't explain to him a

more mature way he could have handled the situation. One of

the big reasons is:

I Am In Prison!

And, here doing time with me, are a lot of people who would

not be here if they were capable of handling an emotionally

charged situation with any kind of maturity.

So, what does all this have to do with writing sales letters

and ads? It has, as I promised you, quite a lot and here is

the gist of it: Now that I've told you what I didn't do when

this situation arose, I want to tell you what I did

do. What I did do was stay in the room and I worked on

yesterday's letter to you. And, if you will look at that

letter you will see that my handwriting was somewhat shaky

because of all the adrenaline working in my system.

But I did write the letter to you and then I took a walk and

I went to my "thinking spot" and I plotted out my schedule

for the month of July.

And this morning what I did is I did 8 long miles of

roadwork on the hill. That's 10 laps. In the beginning I

walked two to warm up; in the end I walked two to cool down

and in the middle I jogged 6.

And what else did I do? Well, I have sat down and written

this letter to you all about the event.

So, anyway, I still haven't gotten to what this has to do

with writing a good sales promotion or, a "good anything"

for that matter so, here it is: What I am doing, Bond, by

all this writing and road work is that I am "clearing the

deck" and getting (in so far as possible) this garbage out

of my system so that my strategic decisions and my future

letters and ideas will be clear!

Please remember this word: HALT. HALT stands for hungry,

angry, lonely and tired and you should never make a decision

when you are any of those things.

What should you do? What I did. Write, run, walk, talk, jog,

etc.

But be careful who you talk with and write to. You see, it

should be someone who realizes that all this must be

considered as "time out babble".

You see, Bond it really doesn't matter much what the

"content" of this letter is. What matters is that I am going

through the "process" of writing it. And it is the process

or physical act of the writing and the road work that

does the therapy. Remember this:

You Don't Have To Get It Right...

You Just Have To Get It MOVING!

And now, in closing, let me tell you another true prison

story. It is about another encounter I had that was very

different than this one. You see, in the event I just

described my roommate wasn't trying to "bulldog" me or shove

me around. He just lost his temper in a childish way and

doesn't have the "emotional tools" to respond to such a

situation with maturity.

But this other one was different. You see, we have this

black guy here at Boron (never mind his name) who is very

strong and very loud. He lifts weights all the time and he

is forever yelling (more prison talk - unprintable).

Well, as it happens, one evening I was playing pool and

there weren't enough pool cues to go around. So what happens

is this black guy comes into the pool room (where everybody

but me is black) and starts running his mouth and while I'm

racking the balls he snatches my pool cue and informs me

that that is the way it was going to be.

I walked over to him and it got real quiet in that pool

room. It got even quieter when I put my hands on his

shoulders and my face right in front of his and said to him

eyeball to eyeball:

"Look my friend, here's how it is. This

is my stick and you ain't taking it."

And then I took the stick away from him and resumed playing

pool.

God I Hate This!

I Love You And Good Luck

Dad

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.