SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/population.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:26
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Monday, 4:42

p.m.

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

I want to show you a graph. I'm putting

it right here on the first page of this letter. Don't just look at it. Study

it and reflect on it some.

Some observations: In the 400 years

from the year 1500 to the year 1900, the population of this planet (earth)

increased at an average rate of just under three million people per year.

However, in the 100 years from 1900 to 2000, the average yearly increase was...

44 million per year!

Here's some thoughts you may not yet

have thunk:

1.   There are

(at least by my calculations) more people alive today... than all the humans who

have ever lived since the dawn of civilization.

2.   99% of all the scientists who have ever lived... are

alive today.

3.   99% of all the geniuses who have ever lived... are alive

today.

4.   99% of all the idiots who ever lived... are alive today.

5.   99% of all

the peaceful, law-abiding people who have ever lived... are alive today.

6.   99% of all

the crooks, thieves, murderers, terrorists, etc. who have ever lived... are

alive today.

7.   More info

is contained in one daily edition of the New York Times... than was

available in the entire 17th century.

8.   More new

info comes out now every day... than an army of 10,000 people could absorb. In

fact, 10,000 people couldn't even catalog it all.

9.   The

acceleration of the acceleration is accelerating. It's only going to be 21 more

years until there are seven BILLION people living on this ball of mud.

10. There is no

such thing as some sort of technology which has been developed... that won't

someday be used. You can't pass a law which will stop stem cell research, atomic

energy research, hi-tech pornography, or the development of new hybrid orchards.

Technology is now KING, right?

I beg to differ. If you had to have

someone write something for you, which would you prefer: (A) A triple-digit I.Q.

geek working with the most sophisticated computer ever built with a thousand

"How To Write" software programs... or... (B) William Shakespeare, Thomas

Jefferson, Ernest Hemingway or me working with a quill pen and parchment

paper?

Here Is A Story For You...

A shepherd was herding his flock in a

remote pasture when suddenly a brand new BMW advanced out of a dust cloud toward

him. The driver, a young man in a Broni suit, Gucci shoes, YSL tie and Ray Ban

sunglasses leans out of the window and asks the shepherd, "If I tell you

exactly how many sheep you have in your flock, will you give me one?"

The shepherd looks at the man who is

obviously a Princeton grad, then looks at his grazing flock and calmly answers,

"Sure, why not?"

The yuppie parks his car, whips out his

Sony notebook computer, connects to his AT&T cell phone, surfs to a NASA page on

the Internet where he calls up a GPS satellite navigation system to get an exact

fix on his location. He feeds that data to another NASA satellite which scans

the area in an ultra-high resolution photo.

The young man then opens the digital

photo in Adobe Photoshop and exports it to an image processing facility located

in Hamburg, Germany.

Within seconds, he receives an e-mail

on his "Palm Pilot" that the image has been processed and the data stored.

He then accesses a MS-SQL database

through an ODBC connected Excel spreadsheet with hundreds of complex formulas.

He uploads all of this data via an e-mail on his "Blackberry" and, after a few

minutes, receives a response.

Finally, he prints out a full-color,

150-page report on his hi-tech, miniaturized HP Laser jet printer and turns to

the shepherd and states, "You have exactly 1,586 sheep."

"That's right. Well, I guess you can

take one of my sheep," says the shepherd.

He watches the young man select one of

the animals and looks on, amused as the young man stuffs it into the trunk of

his car.

Then the shepherd

says to the young man, "Hey, if I can tell you exactly what your business is,

will you give me back my sheep?"

The young man

thinks about it for a second and replies, "Okay, why not?"

"You're a

consultant," says the shepherd.

"Wow! That's correct," answers

the yuppie. "But how did you guess that?"

"No guessing required. You showed up

here even though nobody called you... you want to get paid for an answer I

already knew to a question I never asked... and... you don't know shit about my

business.

"Now Give Me Back My Dog!"

Far fetched? Not at all. There are

plenty of high-I.Q., hi-tech wizards who have their heads shoved up so far their

hi-tech assholes, they too probably can't tell a sheep from a dog.

You know that kid I wrote about in my

last posting, Rob Sandusky? He's created a website which gets a BILLION hits a

day. He did it with a starting bankroll of $130.00.

But, guess what? He HATES to read. He

said other than what's required reading from school, he probably doesn't average

reading one book per year. He's part of a growing scary trend in America. The

last data available is from 2002 and, in that year, there were 89.9 million

Americans who had not read a single book. That's hideous. Why? Because it is

impossible for a non-reader to be even half-assed educated!

Anyone who lacks even a half-assed

education is going to come to grief. At the very least, that person will miss

out on the wondrous complexity of the world in which he inhabits.

Listen: I get thousands of

letters of praise. I read and treasure all of them... yet... I simply can't

respond to each of them. But, I want to share one of those letters with you.

It's from a man who sent me a gold-plated letter opener which I treasure along

with his letter (reproduced below).

T. Babatunde

Wednesday 16, 2:33pm

June 2004

Dear Gary,

I don't know how best to start this letter, but

I will write simply what comes to me and hope you get what it feels to me

to read your written work.

I don't know how or when I developed a

fascination for the written word. But something inside of me just latched

on to this like a dog to bone. And since that first time, I've tried to

read everything on copywriting I could find. Some of these books were a

little helpful, others were total nonsense.

But nothing broke the mold like... when I

discovered your website. I think your name was mentioned on some site I

was on, and I thought I should check you out. And I was literally blown

away.

I was blown away, because here at last is

someone giving valuable and life enhancing secrets without asking for

anything in return. I opened and read every envelope, with feverish

delight.

I downloaded and printed everything, and ran

out of ink.

I was afraid to leave the house to get another

cartridge, in case it won't be there when I come back. Since that time,

I've read almost everything about your work, and bought some of your

copywriting stuff I could afford.

The reason why I'm writing to you now is just

to say that each time I hear your name, my soul sings. It sings in joyful

delight and gratitude. I don't know if you're aware how generous your

newsletters are to several aspiring copywriters. One thing is, most people

who have been blessed in one way or another hoard their wisdom, and can't

bear to share it with the world. But you are different.

I wish to God I could write like you. I know

given time it would come. In this letter, I just want to say "Thank you."

Thank you for being the one person who inspires me. Thank you for your

giving. Thank you for being the only man on this planet dead or alive that

has single handedly given more to aspiring copywriters. Thank you, for you

are truly God's gift to writers.

I don't know if our paths will ever cross, but

if they do... I don't even know what to say. But simply "Thank you for

being you." And thank you for giving guys like me the opportunity to know

you.

I've enclosed a small gift as a token of my

appreciation. Maybe the next time you use this to open a letter, or your

hand touches it, I hope you remember there is a guy in lil' ol' England

who thinks the world of you. Hoping that your days continue to be enriched

and blessed.

With so much appreciation,

T. Babatunde

Here's what's important about what this

man did. He printed-out all my newsletters... and... he read them by

holding a piece of real paper in his hand on which there were printed

words in real ink!

There's no other educational experience

in the world that comes close to that learning experience.

And, I want to publicly thank Mr.

Babatunde for his heartfelt letter.

Listen: I came as close to death as

I've ever been about 1-1/2 weeks ago. I was rushed by ambulance to Mercy

Hospital here in Miami with a resting pulse rate of 115 and a blood pressure of

222/122. It's the first time I've ever spent a night in the hospital in my

entire life.

They took X-rays of me one after the

other. They drew vial after vial of my blood and analyzed it. They hooked me up

to an EKG machine for 24-hours.

And, guess what? They could find

nothing "wrong" with me. My health, as far as a battery of health care

professionals could tell, is perfect. (I find that hard to believe.)

So, what was I suffering from? A plain

ol' fashioned "killer" nervous breakdown. Lately, like a lot of other people,

I've let my life slide down into a miasma of work, worry, stress and trying

desperately to juggle more balls than is humanly possible.

No more. That real-life nightmare was a

wake-up call for me. Even a perfectly healthy person can die of a stroke or

heart attack with a blood pressure reading as high as I had.

I'm back to the core fundamentals which

made my life work. I'm back doing road work on my treadmill, back working out at

the gym, back watching my eating habits... and... if I can't get all my work

done in an eight-hour day...

It Ain't Gonna Get Done!

All this relates to what I'm trying to

communicate in this letter. You, too, need to be concentrating on the core

fundamentals of life. And, one of those is reading!

Now we come to the really big lesson of

this day. Stop reading about how to write copy for a while. Stop reading about

marketing. Stop reading and trying to keep up with the latest computer

breakthroughs. Instead...

Read Books On Salesmanship!

I learned more about how to write copy

while selling encyclopedias door-to-door than from any other source.

End of lecture. That's it for this

issue.

Sincerely,

Gary

(very happy to be alive)

Halbert

P.S.   You know

when they give you a really thorough EKG they attach an endless amount of

little round sticky things to your body. Each of these sticky things has a

piece of metal sticking up like a steel nipple. They hook these "nipples" up

to cables.

Anyway, the hospital sent me home with

so many sticky things attached to my body... I was still finding new ones and

pulling them off (it hurts!) after three days.

One last thing: This letter is

dedicated to Ken Kerr, one of the finest men I've ever met. He's in Intensive

Care at Scopps Hospital in La Jolla, California and his organs are shutting

down. I pray he gets to read this and, I hope all my readers will also send up a

prayer for him.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.