SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/shake_your_tail_feathers.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:29
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of

Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

I need your help. I need

a favor from you.

And to get it, I'm

going to offer you a bribe. An "ethical bribe" that will repay you (financially)

1,000 times over for the small thing I am going to ask you to do.

I hope you know me well

enough by now to know I do not exaggerate when I make such statements.

I'll describe this

"bribe" for you very shortly. But first, I'm going to tell you a charming little

story.

As you may have

guessed, my best friend here in Miami is Julie Brumlik (aka Julie "Paris").

Well, as I mentioned last week, Julie has Stage III cancer and is getting

radiation treatments. What I didn't tell you is how much they are charging her

for these treatments. They're a hefty...

$7,000.00 Per Week!

Plus, they

are abusive beyond belief about getting paid. And, you almost have to hold a gun

to their heads to get them to explain the charges. It's no wonder. Recently,

Julie was in a meeting with the hospital's hostile accounting people. She was

asking them to explain their itemized bill. She was especially curious about one

item they were billing her over and over... at... a cost of $187. She finally

got an answer out of them. It turns out, that's...

How Much They Charge Her

Every Time They Just

Checked Her Weight!

I swear to God. They

tell her to step up on the scale, make a notation of how much she weighs... and

then... BOOM! another $187 will appear on her next billing. Can you imagine

being charged "only" $187 for such an extremely complex procedure?

The rest of the

bill is just as odious. Plus, they say things to her like, "We want to get

paid as soon as possible because you might die and leave us with an unpaid

bill." Or they've been known to say, "Nobody else

questions our bills. Who do you think you are?"

There's a lot

more to it than that. Ironically, it was Julie's grandfather and a few other of

her relatives who founded and funded the hospital with the proviso

"Nobody will be refused treatment because of lack of money."

My, my. The medical

profession sure has changed here in the U.S., hasn't it?

Anyway, Julie is one of

my favorite people and I wanted to help her with this problem. So, I summoned up

my "evil twin" and, with his help, I wrote one of my semi-famous "social

engineering" letters and had Julie send them to all of the concerned villains by

registered mail... and... so far... they haven't said another word to her

about their ridiculous medical bill. Here's the letter I wrote for Julie:

Dear Julie,

After being informed of your

experiences with Mount Sinai Hospital, it is my opinion you have an almost

can't-lose-lawsuit against them. The conduct, behavior and comments of the

people who work in the accounting department, especially Patricia Murphy,

are without question legally actionable. To tell a cancer patient she is

lying to them about her financial situation and belongs at a hospital for

the indigent, and threaten to withhold treatment unless immediate

compensation is made, can be considered according to the 17 cases I have

researched virtual extortion. I will be selecting an attorney for you

within the next week. Right now, I'm leaning toward the office of Holland

& Knight or Susan Noe. Also I believe the verbal and mental abuse you have

received at the hands of Mt. Sinai's accounting department is pandemic in

our society and would make an excellent network documentary. As you know,

I have connections throughout the show business world and I think your

story will be an easy one to sell. Just imagine, here you are, the

granddaughter of one of the principle founders of Mount Sinai and you are

being charged in excess of $360 a week just to have yourself weighed and

treated like a subversive just for asking an explanation of your charges.

By the way, I'm going to need for whatever attorney I use a complete

itemization of your bill with an exact description of the reason for each

charge. There are undoubtedly other dramatic overcharges that will make

what we call  "pivotal drama points" in a TV docudrama. I know you believe

Dr. Toonkel who plans and performs many of your actual radiation

procedures is an excellent doctor and a nice person, trying to do the best

he can for his patients. But the fact is he has chosen to align himself

and work with an unconscionable group of people. When you asked Patricia

Murphy why she was so adamant about having the radiation bill prepaid and

she replied "because most stage three cancer patients die (and I want to

collect from you before that happens)" she pretty much sealed the

financial fate of her and Mount Sinai Hospital's Salick Comprehensive

Cancer Center.

I cannot wait for whomever attorney

we wish to use to depose this person. A real bonus in this situation is

that she made most of her comments in the presence of other people who

will also be deposed. This is going to make it pretty much impossible for

her to deny her statements, which, by the way, can be truthfully construed

as deliberate communications that will dramatically increase the stress

level of every patient to whom she speaks in this manner, which in turn

diminishes their immune system, which in turn leads her comment about "you

may not live long enough to pay" to become a self-fulfilling prophesy.

Rest assured, these people have just bought themselves a lawsuit, more

publicity than they would have ever dreamed possible, and ... a monster

dent in the finances of the Comprehensive Cancer Center. Julie please

don’t feel guilty about all this. When Harvey Greenspan, Jack Cantor,

Baron de Hirsch Meyer, Cal Covin, and Lila Heatter nurtured this hospital

they did so for humanitarian reasons and in fact I happen to know the

hospital didn't even charge indigent patients for years. To think now that

the accounting department is headed up by such a person as Patricia Murphy

would cause all of them to turn over in their graves. I am pushing forward

in this matter as fast as humanly possible. Should you have any future

conversations with Mrs. Murphy or any of her minions, tell them in a very

short time you will give them a card with the contact details of your

personal attorney with whom they can discuss these matters.

Your

friend,

Dr.

Finegold

cc:

Steven D. Sonenreich

Hava Rwylyn

Dan Rwylyn

David Schmitt

Phil Frost

Gregory Wolfe

Paul Gluck

Marge and Irv Korac

Rosalie and Ted Pincus

Nancy and Joe Kanter

John Dorschner, Miami Herald

"Help Me, Howard" Finkelstein

Marilyn Mitzel

Diane Sawyer

Don Hewitt

Rick Bragg

Lexie and Claudia Potamkin

Donna Shalala

Starr Porter

Olga Edridge, BBC

Jim DeFede

Lettie Bien

Perhaps

you can now understand why the ability to write a good piece of copy has more

ramifications than just generating sales. I hope you learn to write

letters like this to help solve the problems in your life.

Anyway, I've helped get

the accounting "hounds-of-hell" off her back. (At least temporarily.) Now, what

I want to do is improve her financial situation overall. I want to do this by

helping her sell her new product called "Fire Play."

Anyone who orders this

product also gets a FREE copy of a brand new book written by me. Here's the

cover the book:

Killer Orgasms!

How

To

Have

The

Best

Sex

Humanly

Possible!

Written

and Published by:

Gary C.

Halbert

3101

S.W. 34th Ave. #905-467

t

Ocala, FL  34474

Phone:

(305) 534-7577

E-mail:

[email protected]

©  Gary C. Halbert

Here's the deal: After

ordering "Fire Play" and using it for a 60-day trial period, you can return it

(but believe me, you won't want to) for a complete and immediate refund...

and... you still get to keep the free copy of my book.

OK, so I wrote a

"killer" website about her product that started off like this:

Miami

Beach Lesbian Creates New

Product That Makes All Women

Almost Instantly Crazy To Have Sex

With Males... Or... Females!

The website went on

to explain how you got a copy of my free book if you ordered Julie's product...

and... how the product comes with a 100% iron-clad money-back guarantee...

and... how you got to keep my book... even if... you returned Julie's product

for a refund.

So far, so good.

Then, I explained how

YOU could make money with this website. Do you remember what I said? For those

of you who suffer from CRS (Can't Remember Shit), here's what I wrote:

How The Hell Can This

Website Make YOU Some Money?

It's very simple:

You must have at least a couple of friends, don't you? And a few

associates? All you have to do is encourage those people to go to Julie's

website and, if they order her product, she will send YOU $20 for

every customer you refer. By the way, this amazing product sells for only

$69.95 plus $3 shipping and handling.

Now consider this:

If you have a LOT of friends or maybe even a mailing list of prospects or

customers (for whatever it is you are selling), you could communicate with

ALL these people and receive lots of $20's from Julie.

How will Julie

know if these orders are from your friends or associates? It's easy.

Contact Julie and she'll give you a 9-digit "code". Those 9-digits will

belong to you and you alone. Then, all you have to do is give your

friends, associates or mailing list, Julie's website address followed by

YOUR 9-digit code. It'll be something like this:

www.ShesOnFire.com/123456789

Picture this:

There you are munching on your Twinkies, sipping beer, kicking back in

your Lazyboy and watching the 112th version of some "Survivor" show. Your

buddy calls you up and you guys get to talking about things like bowling,

bass fishing, strippers, where to get bib overalls at a discount, and

other stuff like that. Then you say to your buddy, "Hey Joe, I got a

website you should check out. Get a pencil and jot this down somewhere you

won't lose it. The website address is www.ShesOnFire.com forward slash

[and now give him YOUR secret 9-digit code]. Joe, I promise you, I'll be

your best friend for the rest of your life after you visit this website."

Your friend goes to

the website, becomes crazed to get the free book and the product, gives

Julie an order, and she sends you 20 buckaroos. And just think, you

haven't even had to break a sweat or get up off your lazy ass... and...

that $20 referral fee will buy you a couple more six packs. (I think what

you've just read is Gary Halbert's idea of "affiliate marketing".)

Not that it

matters (actually, it DOES matter) but, Julie's product honest-to-God,

for real really does work. And the free book mentioned in the website

honest-to-God, for real does deliver 100% on every secret. There is

no hype here. It's all true.

Anyway, if you are

interested in this, e-mail Julie at [email protected] and tell

her to whom and where you want your checks sent. As soon as you do that,

she will instantly e-mail you back and give you your own 9-digit secret

code number.

Well folks, I

know it's hard to believe... but... I screwed up. In fact, I screwed up twice.

When I wrote that website, I was still doing last minute "tweaking" of the book

and, I had a printer who promised to have it back to me in two days. What was I

thinking? I forgot...

This Is Miami!

People here don't

ever do ANYTHING work-related on time. But, after using my "gun-to-the-head"

tactics, I now have the book (stacks of them) right here in my hand. Perhaps

more importantly, I have it on a computer right here in Miami (the computer

belongs to someone much more reliable than me)... all ready...

To Be Downloaded

Immediately

If You

So Choose!

So, going back to

the beginning of this letter, what's the favor I want from you? I want you to

order "Fire Play" right away... but... I do NOT want you to order it from the

website. Instead, I need you to...

Order It By

Phone!

Who will be

answering those phones? Two friends of mine named Casey and Jenelle... and...

ME!

Why will I be answering

the phones? I'm not going to tell you. At least not until next month. And I

promise, you will be ASTONISHED at why I have decided to do this.

But wait! What about

that "bribe" I mentioned earlier? What is it?

Actually, it's only

five sheets of paper... but... those five sheets of paper will explain how

anyone (even John Reese) can INSTANTLY double the profits of almost any website!

If you want this deal, you better shake your

tail feathers... because... it's only good for the next 11-days. Don't be a

dummy.

Pick Up That

Phone... Right Now!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.  The phone number to call is...

1-305-372-5040

We'll be answering the phone lines for the

next 11-days from 9:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, Monday through

Saturday. Even God himself took a day of rest (Sunday). We have three phones on

roll over lines and if you get a busy signal (when we're talking on all three

phone lines at once) you'll get a voice mail and have the pleasure of listening

to a short message delivered in my very own sweet voice.

P.S.#2  Remember how I said I screwed up twice?

Well, the second screw-up was the nutso way I had planned to set up Gary

Halbert's version of an "affiliate" program.

Yes, we're still going to have an affiliate

program (just not the crazy way I had tried to set it up)... and... it will be

explained to anyone who CALLS to order "Fire Play" within the next 11-days.

By the way, it's probably too late for you to

sign up for John Reese's seminar... but... if I were you, I'd try to get in

anyway. You never know. Sometimes there are cancellations at the last minute.

(See details in the last issue of my newsletter posted on this website. It has

the envelope icon titled "The Easiest Way In The World To Make Money!")

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.