SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zakl_talent_for_management.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:38
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

W-A-Y West of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

By the time you receive this letter, I, Sir

Gary of Halbert, the Ravin' Maven of Marketing, shall have

fled the drizzly state of California and skied out to sunny

Florida.

As you know, the purpose of this letter is not to teach you how to invest your money. No. The purpose of this

letter is to help you make

more money. However, having acknowledged that, let me now say

this: I have stumbled onto a situation in Florida that maybe,

just maybe, is worth mentioning in this letter.

Even though it concerns an investment idea

rather than a money-making one.

Anyhow, what happened is that, last month,

when I'm in Fort Lauderdale teaching at one of those

high-priced ($5,000 for 2-1/2 days) marketing boot camps,

Paulette and I decide to go shopping. What we are shopping for

is a little house on a canal near the Port Everglades entrance

to the ocean and/also, maybe a charter boat operation we could

invest in for pleasure and profit.

Well, we didn't end up buying either one. We

did discover, however, that Florida real estate is breath-takingly

cheap when compared to California properties. And, we also

discovered that getting into the charter boat business is more

of a hassle than we, personally, are willing to endure.

So, what did we buy? I can still hardly

believe it. You see, we went and spent a big wad of our

hard-earned money and...

We Bought A Boat Slip!

Listen: There are thousands of wealthy boat

owners in Florida and more coming in every day. Likewise,

there are thousands of boat slips in which those owners can

dock their boats. But... there are not thousands of great boat

slips.

And, what makes a great

boat slip, you ask? OK, for one thing, it would have to be

located in a big, modern, first-class marina that has every

facility you could imagine. For another, it would need to be

in a marina that is near the ocean.

Think about it. If you wanted to go fishing or

diving, you wouldn't want to have to chug along in a canal for

two or three hours -- just to

get to the ocean -- now, would you?

In any case, what's happening now is, a few of

the scarce, really first-class luxury marinas are starting to

"condo-ize" their docks and boat slips. In other

words, in some cases, what you can do now is buy

a boat slip instead of renting it.

This has several advantages. First, you never

have to worry about having a place to dock your boat.

Secondly, it can be an income-producing investment because, when you are not using the slip,

the marina will rent it to other boat owners and manage

everything for you and you get to keep 70%+ of the money.

So, how much does it cost to buy a

"condo-ized boat slip" and what should you care?

Good questions. Look, as far as I'm concerned,

Bahia Mar in Fort Lauderdale is the best marina in South

Florida and that's where I'll be (in slip b-216) for nearly

all of January and much of 1989. Bahia Mar has about 350 boat

slips and, the ones that are being condo-ized range in price

from $125,000 to $340,000 and they are being snapped up...

Faster Than 1-Per Day

When you "buy" a slip (actually

you're technically buying the leasehold rights) at Bahia Mar,

you get a lot for your money. You get the use of all the

facilities of the luxurious Bahia Mar Hotel, you get

telephone, fax, computer and cable TV hook-ups. You get

"room service" directly to your boat and so on.

Now, why should you care about all this? Hmn?

Maybe I can make it clear by whomping a little tale on you?

Once upon a time, (just three years ago), a guy decides to buy

into one of these condo boat slip deals in a marina in Key

Largo called the Ocean Reef Club. (By the way, I was there

with Ed Mayer, the "Dean of Direct Mail," once, and,

as we were relaxing on the deck of a luxury yacht, he said,

"I wonder what all the poor people are doing

today?")

Forgive me, I digress. So, back to the guy who

buys that boat slip -- what he does is, he pays $250,000 for

it!

Can you imagine that? $250,000 for a place to

park a boat? Well, here's the good part: That guy recently

sold his slip and...

He Got $595,000 For It!

Not too shabby, eh? Let's see, turning

$250,000 into $595,000 means that, in just 36 months, he

got...

A 238% Return On His Investment!

You know, somehow it seems to me that that's a

better deal than most folks are getting from the stock market.

And, if you want to check it out, I suggest you call a

delightful young lady named Maura A. Brassil and her number

is...

(305) 764-2233

And, there's another thing I want you to do

and do it right now! And,

what's that, you ask? I want you to...

Stop Bitching!

I know. I know. You didn't sign up for a

letter to learn how to buy a boat slip, did you? No. No. No-ooo.

You subscribed so I could teach you how to make

money not invest it, right?

OK, OK. As a reward for your patience,

howsabout I open the door for you on the biggest money-making

opportunity I've ever come across? Would that make things

square?

Geez, The Things I Gotta Do!

Hark unto me. Listen: During the last couple

of years, I've done an enormous amount of public speaking. Not

only that, I've been a featured instructor at several of those

$5,000-a-pop marketing boot camps. Moreover, this newsletter

is read by the vast majority of the people who really count in

the field of direct marketing. And, as you know, I do a lot of

"self-aggrandizing advertising." I'm currently

"starring" in a commercial on Financial News Network

(FNN); you can see my self-centered ads in DM News, Investors

Daily, The Wall Street Journal, The L.A. Times, etc.; you can

hear me on cassettes and on the radio... and on and on and on.

So what? How does any of this put a buck in your pocket?

Hold on Buckwheat, I'll get to it. I promise.

OK now, where was I? Oh yeah, I was telling

you about all the stuff I do in the name of unmitigated

conceit. So anyway, the latest piece of propaganda I've come

up with is a report titled "16 Amazing Secrets You Can

Use To Sell Anything To Anyone Without Ever Meeting Them In

Person". Many of you have that report. However, for those

of you who don't, you need to know it consists of 16 sections,

most of which are made up of back issues of this newsletter.

Well, I don't mean to brag (?) but, this is

the most well-received piece of work I've ever published.

People call and write me constantly about it. Some say they've

read it 10 times. Most say this report has more valid

money-making ideas than anything else they've ever read. One

guy even said that reading the last two sections prevented him

from suicide.

Etc. Look, I'm not trying to sell you on

buying this report. Most of you have already read most of this

stuff anyway. What I am trying to communicate is that, foolishly or not, there now seems

to be legions of people

all over the U.S. who seem to think I've got something on the

ball and who want to work with me.

You'll see the significance of this in a

moment. But first, just to make sure we're both on the same

wavelength, I want you to read section #3 of my report which I

am reprinting here in its entirety.

SECTION #3

How

To Get As Much Money As

You Need To "Roll Out" Your Project

And Get It Without Borrowing!

My

newsletter goes out all over the world. Many of my

subscribers are extremely successful and many of them

have enormous amounts of money.

These people are in contact with me on an almost daily

basis and they are always asking my opinion of different

areas of their business activities. Sometimes they want

my opinion on a person they may or may not decide to

hire. Other times they want to know if I think their

current marketing campaign could be improved. Often,

they send me their ads and sales letters for critique.

And so on.

However, one of the most common questions I am asked is

if I know about any new and tested

ideas in which they can invest money.

Now, let me tell you something: If you have a totally unproven

idea that you are "hoping" will work, then, I

probably can not

help you. On the other hand, if you have an idea that

you have tested with good results then, my friend, I may be able to direct you

to one or more people who may very well be willing to totally finance your business in return for a share of your profits.

Look, testing your ideas will

cost you some money. However, when you read Section 5 of

this report, you will learn how to rest an ad in a daily

newspaper at the lowest possible cost. And, if you

are a real hustler,

you can use the info in Section 9 to mail thousands of

sales letters virtually free.

Besides that, if you decide to test your idea via

"conventional" direct mail, it should only

cost you $1,500.00 or so if you are willing to do most

of the work (addressing, sealing, stuffing etc.)

yourself. So anyway, once you do your test and you have actual numbers then, here is what

you do. You write me a letter something like this:

Dear

Gary:

Sometime

ago I had an idea for selling a report my wife wrote on

"How To Lose Weight Without Starving" and I

wrote a newspaper ad offering her report for sale. I ran

the ad in the Podunk Daily News which has a circulation

of 53,000 and the ad cost me $1,200.00 for a 1-time

insertion.

I

priced the report at $12.00 plus $1.50 postage and it

costs me about $3.50 to fill an order. Therefore, every

order yields up $10.00 in "contribution to

overhead." My ad pulled in 220 orders for a total

gross of $2,970.00.

At

$3.50 to fill an order it cost me $770.00 to fill all my

orders. Therefore, my total costs ($770.00 to fill

orders and $1,200.00 to pay for the ad) were $1,970.00

which, when subtracted from my gross of $2,970.00 left

me a bottom-line profit of...

$1,000.00

Please

let me know if you know anyone who would be interested

in funding this project for a share of the profit.

Sincerely,

So & So

O.K., as soon as I receive such a letter from you or

someone else, what I do is, I immediately

put the word out to my network of potential investors

and usually there is some very

fast action!

Think about it and, if you ever need funding to promote

your proven ideas, I welcome your call.

By the way, my number is...

213-273-7053

Okay, you got all that?

Now, here's the thing: People are responding to my report in

general and, section #3 in particular, in droves! People are coming to

me with valid tested ideas and, there's no way in the world I can handle all

this stuff myself.

But, it would truly be a crying shame if I let all this go to

waste.

Want proof? Check this out. A guy calls me for an

appointment and then comes to my office. His story: He's an insurance agent

and he's written (and published) a little book titled "How To Save A

Fortune On Your Auto Insurance." Then, not knowing any better, he tells

me he created his own sales letter and mailed it to...

A Resident List!

And, even though such a list should not work, he told me he

got a 5.8% cash-with-order response!

Do you realize what that means? It's very simple. It means

that with a little savvy list selection, he should be able to mail something

like maybe...

70 Million Letters At A Huge Profit!

By the way, here is an exact copy (sans name) of the letter

this man sent to me.

Dear Gary,

I recently

purchased your book entitled "16 Amazing Secrets You Can

Use To Sell Anything To Anyone Without Ever Meeting Them In

Person" after reading your excellent advertisement in the

Los Angeles Times (10/3).

After

receiving this publication in a very surprising short period

of time, I eagerly read through it from the front to the back,

completely. After reading section three, Roll Out, I am going

to take you up on your offer, here go's...

I have the

hottest and most desired book out, period! As you can see from

the enclosed literature, my exciting block-buster entitled

"How To Save A Fortune On Your Auto Insurance" could

be one of the best selling books of the century. This

outstanding publication can be marketed nationwide and with

updates every couple years this book has an unlimited life.

Can you remember when insurance rates went down? They only

keep getting higher and higher. Let your mind wander with the

possibilities after reading the enclosed literature I've

provided.

Gary, I've

taken the liberty to use the sample letter you suggested

sending you for simplicity purpose which you will find

attached.

I am

currently seeking potential investors to promote this proven

idea on a grand scale. If this is of interest to you or

someone you feel is serious and has the means I would be very

interested in exploring the possibilities.

Recently I wrote and published a book

entitled "How To Save A Fortune On Your Auto

Insurance". I did a direct mail campaign in the West Los

Angeles area of 5,000 mailing with the following results.

I priced the book at $12.95 plus $2.00

postage and handling. It cost me approx. $2.38 to fill an

order. Therefore, every order yields up $12.57 in contribution

to overhead. My mailing pulled 290 (5.8%) orders for a total

gross of $4,335.50.

At $2.38 to fill an order it cost me

$690.20 to fill all orders. Therefore, my total cost ($690.20

to fill orders and $2,150.00 to pay for the mailing) were

$2,840.20 which, when subtracted from my gross of $4,335.20

left me a bottom-line profit of...

$$$$$$$$$$

$1,495.30

$$$$$$$$$$

$$$$$$$$$$

Please let me know if you know someone

who would be interested.

So, what did I do when he told me all this? That's easy. I

wrote him a big check and got him to sign a contract giving me the exclusive

rights to his book and his direct mail promotion for same.

Another example. A guy calls me, says he's read my report 10

times and he's got to talk with me in person. He comes to my office with

another (much younger) man and here's what they tell me: The younger man is

the son of a NASA scientist (now deceased) who was one of the main men

responsible for putting an American on the moon. Anyway, in his spare time,

this scientist puttered around (heh, heh) designing a set of golf clubs that

are engineered according to something called "the laws of curved

motion". These clubs are then given to a teaching pro (the older of the

two men sitting across from me) and he thinks they are fantastic and he gives

them to several "big name" pros to test out.

The pros love the clubs! They rave about them and these

guys show me article after glowing article in golf publications wherein these

pros lavish praise on the clubs.

But, more importantly, the young guy showed me a $9,400 ad (he

produced the actual invoice) that he ran in The Wall Street Journal for just

the putter.

The result? That $9,400 ad pulled in more then $60,000!

And, the older guy then produces a golf magazine with a two

page spread that cost him $25,000 (it featured the full set of clubs)

that...

Pulled In $630,000!

So, I decided to do business with these guys, also. But,

blinded by the light, guess what I forgot?

I Forgot That I Have Approximately The

Same Talent For Management That A Pig

Has For Solving Geometry Problems!

And yet, these good deals like the two I just described keep pouring

into my office on an almost daily basis.

What to do? What to do? "Hmn," I say to myself,

"just because I'm a management idiot doesn't mean my subscribers

are as hopeless as me!" So, I've got some questions for you:

1.

2.

3.

4.

Do you have money to invest in

projects like these?

Can you make the "go ahead" decision yourself without having

to run to your lawyer, your accountant, your spouse, or your Daddy?

Do you have some management ability to go along with your money? I'm

talking specifically about the expertise to run a huge TV, direct mail

or space advertising campaign.

Would you be willing to share a teensy bit of your

profits with the Prince of Print in return for him feeding you some of

these good deals?

Hey, if you answered yes to all of the above questions,

you and I need to talk personally.

I'm serious. Look, in a business with a huge percentage of

slimebags, it has taken me years to establish myself as a savvy, honest guy

whose word is literally his bond. And now, I want to capitalize on that

hard-earned reputation...

Without Screwing Around Trying To Set

Myself Up In A Management Situation

For Which I Am Totally Unsuited!

Now, having said all that, please let me say this: If you are

on the other side of the coin and, you've got a hot, tested

promotion and, you want someone to run like crazy with it and pay you your

fair share of the loot then... you should call

me too!

I want to say something serious here with no attempt at humor.

Listen, for whatever reasons, valid or invalid, when it comes to the direct

response industry, my office has become "ACTION CENTRAL". You truly

wouldn't believe the deals, the ideas and the opportunities that flow to my

office and across my desk. And, quite simply, I can't take advantage of it

all.

But, I want you to help me not let all this go to

waste. You know, there are so darn few really

good people out there that it's a shame they don't have a good way to

connect up with each other.

Well, now they do! Since I seem to be the spider sitting fat

and sassy at the center of this wondrous web, I've decided to set myself up as

a matchmaker and do what I can to put all the good people in touch with each

other.

So, if you've got something: Talent, money, DM management

ability, a tested promotion and so on, I want you to join me and become

part of what's soon going to be known as...

Gary Halbert's Genius Network!

Please let me hear from you.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

The "Connection"

P.S.

I've got a hot (and valuable) free gift for the

first 100 of my subscribers who call my office within the

next 11 days. I won't be here to take your call but Susan

and/or Lissa will and they'll send out your surprise the same

day you call!

P.P.S.

Another

hot deal just came in by FAX! It's a health newsletter

somebody wants to sell with 40,000+ active subs and a

$2,000,000 annual gross. Any takers?

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.