SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zall_more_stock_secrets.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:39
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend & Subscriber,

I have been

publishing a website (www.ghlstockalert.com) for seven months.

On this website I give investment advice and I sometimes write

about stocks which I think are ready to skyrocket in price.

So far, I have written about 12 different

stocks... and... every single one of them made a dramatic jump

in price. The smallest increase from the time I wrote about a

stock until the price of that stock reached its highest point

was 42%.

The very best pick I ever made was a stock

that increased in value by 350%!

Here, just for the record, are all of my 12

stock picks (arranged in alphabetical order) and what happened

to the price of those stocks after they became one of my

selections:

Name

Of

Company

Ticker

Symbol

Price

Movement

American

Biogenetic

MABXA

up

52%!

Anergen

ANRG

up

100%!

Biomerica

BMRA

up

179%!

Endocare

ENDO

up

159%!

Genta

GNTA

up

233%!

Guardian

Technologies

GRDN

up

154%!

HyperMedia

Communications

HYPR

up

350%!

Neuromedical

Systems

NSIX

up

100%!

n-Vision

NVSN

up

100%!

Semiconductor

Laser

SLIC

up

50%!

Swissray

International

SRMI

up

44%!

Vasomedical

VASO

up

42%!

However, recent visitors to my website have

been disappointed. Why? Simply because it's been quite some

time since I've written a new story about a stock I think is

going to skyrocket in price.

Is it because I can't find a new stock I like?

No.

Is it because I have lost interest in the

stock market?

No.

Is it because I have decided to retire and

spend all my time fishing and scuba diving down here in the

Florida Keys?

No, not that either. The real reason is...

I Have Been Too Busy Trading

Stocks

To Take Time Out To Write

About Them!

Listen: I have discovered and perfected a

stock-trading system that lets me make from 5 to 15 trades

every day the market is open. My trading system is almost

automatic. It works like a Swiss watch. It is, I believe, the

most unusual... and... the

most profitable trading system ever developed in human

history!

It Is Based

On Two Simple

Core Truths About

The Stock Market

1.

Unexpected

good news about a publicly-traded company... will

usually... cause the price of that company's stock to

jump up like crazy!

2.

That

good news... will not... make the price of that stock stay up!

Let's put your imagination to work. I want you

to imagine you and I walk into a huge room where there are

about 10,000 other people. There's a guy on stage who says he

has some very important, late-breaking news about a

publicly-traded company.

He says he has Xeroxed 10,000 copies of a news

release which explains this new development. He has all 10,000

people in that room form a single line. Then, he starts

walking down the line passing out copies of the news release.

Now, let's say I've got some "pull" and I arrange

for you to be right at the front of that long line. You are the very first person... to get that release!

You look at the release and the headline says

something like this:

FDA

Grants Approval For

Celeron To Market

New Anti-Cancer Drug!

Wow! That sounds like good news for Celeron,

doesn't it? You read the first couple of paragraphs and

discover the ticker symbol of Celeron is CLER.

You pull your cell phone out of your pocket,

call your stock broker and tell him to immediately buy 1,000

shares of CLER. While you are doing this, other things are

happening in that room. The guy with the news releases is

still passing them out... and... the people who get that press

release are reacting in different ways:

t

Some of the people are reacting very

promptly to the news in that release just like you

did.

t

Some people are calling their stock

broker and asking his opinion (what a joke that

is!) of the company written about in the news

release.

t

Some people crumple up the news release

and throw it away.

t

Some people fire up their laptop

computers and go online and start researching the

company.

t

Some of the people in that line are

reporters and go off to write a story (based on the

facts in that news release) which will appear on the

TV evening news... or... tomorrow's newspaper.

t

Some of the people have to go to another

appointment... so... they put the release in their

briefcase and take it with them so they can read it

later that evening.

However, no matter what, the news contained in

that release will begin to affect the price of the stock...

In Minutes!

OK, let's say 30 minutes have gone by. You

check what's happening to the price of that stock... and... it's

going up like a rocket!

What do you do? It's simple: You keep riding

that stock up and sell out your position about 10 to 20

minutes later.

What happens next? The answer is simple: I

take you across the hall to another

big room that is jam-packed with another

10,000 people. There's another

guy getting ready to pass a news release about another

publicly-traded company.

Once again, everybody has to line up single

file in a very long line.

Once again, I use my "pull" and I

take you to the very front of the line.

Once again, you read the release, immediately

buy shares in the company written up in the release. And, once

again, you sell and cash in... in

less than an hour!

Over and over and over.

Up To 15 Times Per Day!

But wait! What if, when you check the price of

the stock 30 minutes after you bought it... the stock is

trending down?

What do you do? Simple: You sell out your

position immediately... and... you keep your loss down to a

microscopic level.

There's one more thing that could happen.

Let's say your stock keeps trading at more or less the same

price it was when you bought it... and then... it goes up like

a rocket!

Is this a win for you? No. Not with my system.

With my system...

If The Stock Isn't

Going Up 30 Minutes

After The News Comes Out...

You Dump It!

Sounds pretty simple, doesn't it? Yes, it

is... if...you know all the

details.

First, you have to know where to get

the news. If you are getting your news from the Wall

Street Journal, Barron's, Dow-Jones Newswire, Bloomberg...

or... from 99.99% of the news services on the Internet... I

feel sorry for you! You see... you are aren't reading

news...

You

Are Reading History!

The

first thing you have to know is where to get news that is... just breaking... and... 99.9% of all stock market buyers (and

brokers)... don't have a

clue!

Next,

you have to know how to tell... if... the news you are reading

will make the price of a stock jump or not.

That's

where I shine. I'm not a stock market guy. I'm not a

registered investment advisor. I'm not a broker. However...

I

Am The Most Effective And

Expensive Copywriter In The World!

I

wrote the most widely mailed sales letter in history. It

revealed how you could purchase (from my company Halbert's

Inc.) a copy of your family crest and the history of your last

name. Ever hear of that letter? More than 600,000,000 of them

have been mailed and it's still going strong. The company that

eventually bought me out, was sold last year for 90 million

dollars... and... I know about someone who is willing to buy

that company... now... at an even higher price.

All

of which tends to depress me a little since, I sold out years

ago.

Oh

well. Ever hear of Tova and Ernest Borgnine? They have a

multi-million dollar cosmetic company... and... it was my

advertising that took their company from $20,000 per month...

to more than 12 million per year... almost overnight!

Nancy

Quan? The Oscar winning actress? I did the advertising

campaign for her "Pearl Cream" product that appeared

on TV for six years.

I

could go on and on. I think it is safe to say I have created

more successful advertising than anyone in history. My monthly

newsletter (cleverly called The

Gary Halbert Letter) has been in continuous publication

for more than 12 years. It is read in 50 countries. I have

more than 3,000 fan letters and testimonials from people like

Chase Revel (the creator of Entrepreneur

magazine)... Robert Allen, best-selling author of Nothing Down (the best-selling real estate book of all time)...

Larry Williams (the world-famous commodity trader)... David

Ogilvy (found of Ogilvy and Mathers)... and... countless

others.

Articles

have been written about me by Dow-Jones,

Nation's Business, and dozens of other publications...

plus... dozens of books. There was even an article about me in

the National Enquirer with a photograph of me standing in front of my

Rolls Royce.

My friends teased me a lot about that one.

Okay, So What?

Here's what: I don't study the market; I study

people. I am the

best in the world at writing "stories" which will

make people buy.

And you know what else? I am the best in the

world... at reading

stories (news releases)... and... telling almost

exactly... how those stories will affect the price of an

individual stock.

More: I have also made it my business to find

out how to buy and sell stocks in the fastest way humanly

possible. Much faster than you can make a trade with a regular

stock broker... or... a "so-called" online broker.

When you use an online broker, 90% of the time, you are not

just online... you are in

line! You know how long it takes me to make a trade?

Less Than One Second!

And you know what else? Even your stock broker

doesn't know how to do that.

Even if he did know, he wouldn't tell you. Know this:

Stock brokers don't know anything about how to make money in the stock market. If they did,

they wouldn't be brokers. They'd

be traders! Stock brokers are not experts in

stocks...

They Are Salesmen!

One more thing: Sometimes a hot story comes

out before the market opens... or after... it closes. What

then? Well, a lot of time... when that happens... the stock

jumps up in price... even before... the opening bell. Let's

say a stock closes at $10.00. Then, at 8:00 p.m. a hot story

comes out... and... by 9:30 a.m. the next day (when the market

opens) the stock is already

selling for $15.00. Is there anyway to beat this scenario?

You bet there is!

With my system...

You Can Trade Stocks

45 Minutes Before The

Market Even Opens!

Hey, why don't you ask your broker how you can

do this? Go ahead. I dare you. You see, I already know what

he'll say. It will either be, "That's

not true,"... or... "Duh?"

Listen: There's much more to my trading system

which I am leaving out. I'm leaving that stuff out deliberately.

I've got stock trading "tricks" and secrets that

will blow your mind.

So, should you hire me to teach you this

system?

Probably not.

You see, almost everyone I teach this system

makes money. That's

because my system just plain works! But, it's more than

that. I am very selective about the people I teach. I turn

down way more people than I accept. That's because most people

are "wired to lose." They trade with "scared

money." They take way too long to make a decision. They

can't focus. Here are three things you must have...

if... you want to make huge profits by using my system:

1.

MONEY: I

charge $3,700 (payable in advance) to teach this

system. Over and above that, you need at

least $5,000 (or more) to begin trading with.

Not only that, I don't want to train you if you have

to "scrape" the money together. If you've

got to max out your credit cards, borrow the money

from your brother-in-law or anything like that, you

will be trading with "scared money" and...

Scared

Money

Can't

Win!

2.

TIME: You've got to have at least 90 minutes

every day you can use to focus exclusively

to

reading news stories and making trades... and...

3.

THE

ABILITY TO MAKE A FAST DECISION: Want to read the

companies' balance

sheets? Want to see one of their glossy brochures? Want

to call a friend or a broker and ask what they think

about the stock you just read about?

You're Out!

With

my system, you've got to be fast, focused and fearless.

Well, that's about it. If you've got the right stuff, I can

teach you something that will give you financial freedom for the rest of your

life. You won't need any employees. (One of my companies had 700 of them and

it made me crazy.) Actually, you won't need an office, a partner, a factory, a

product, or anything else that makes your life heavy. You can use this system

and make thousands of dollars from any location on earth. Add it all up and it

spells...

F R E E D O M !

Now, let's discuss something very important: How can you

determine if I am absolutely right about all this or not? Could it be I have

made some kind of mistake when I try and convince you I have honestly figured

out how to beat the stock market?

I've thought about this a lot and, here is what I've decided

to do: I'm not going to take credit card orders. I will only

accept payment by check... and... I am going to insist...

you postdate your check for 30-days in advance.

As soon as I receive your check, I will immediately contact you and start teaching you how to use my system.

I'll have you up and running and making profitable trades in about 10 days.

After that, you've still got 2-1/2 more weeks... before

I can even cash your check... to use the system and see for yourself if it

really works as good as I say it does.

If it doesn't, you can simply stop payment on your check or,

call me... and... I will be happy to send back your uncashed check. This way...

There's Simply No Way You Can Lose!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

By the way,

if all this sounds good to you and, you've decided to accept

my offer... I would like to speak with you personally for a

few minutes... before... you place your order.

As I said earlier, I am very selective about the people I

choose to teach. I have a pretty good "feel" about

whether or not a person should get involved with the stock

market. A lot of people should not. It's not just a

matter of intelligence either. A lot of very smart

people just don't have the aptitude and "mindset" to

be a successful trader.

If I think that's true about you, I'll be honest with you

about it. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Nobody

is good at everything.

You know, I've always wanted to play the guitar. I've taken

lessons at three different times in my life. And guess what? I

still can't play a single note!

Does that make me a bad person? No. All it means is I

don't have any musical talent.

Anyway, let's get to the bottom-line. Listen: I only have one

employee (that's much better than having 700) and her name is

Theresa. She's been with me for nine years and, if you are sincerely

interested in my offer, give her a call and she'll set up a

time for you and I to talk on the phone for about 15 minutes.

That's all there is to it. Our telephone number is...

1-305-534-7577

P.S.#2

There is

one more little detail. My stock trading system is so

good... that... if we end up working together... and... you use it exactly the way I teach you... you will make huge profits... or...

I Will Give You

Double Your Money Back!

That's right. The stocks I

invest in make gains from 10%, 20%, 40%... all the way up to 350%! Plus,

they do this in an incredibly short period of time. This is for real.

So, please call if you're interested. Remember, that's Theresa at (305)

534-7577.

Thank you.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.