SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zazs_automatic_telephone_calls.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:43
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend

& Subscriber,

OK, dammit, I AM

going to put on the free "Patches of Light" seminar!

It's going to be on the 19th, 20th and 21st of

April. That's a Friday, Saturday and Sunday. It's going to be

in Orlando, Florida... so... if you get bored with me, you can

visit Mickey, Minnie, Goofy and their pals.

I'll write more about my "Patches of

Light" seminar at the end of this letter. But now, I want

to talk about Voice Broadcasts (sometimes known as "phone

blasts") and how they might help you make a lot of extra

fungolas.

First, telemarketing has been around for a

long time and it has a deservedly bad reputation. Ask 100

people what they think about telemarketers and those 100

people will say...

"Telemarketers

Suck!"

But, methinks that's not exactly the case with

this new voice broadcast technology. Here's one example of how

this modern technology can be used. You start with a list of

people who have a common interest in something. Of course, you

have to have the telephone numbers of all these people.

Perhaps this is your own in-house list of your

personal, existing customers. If not, you should know there

are hundreds of mailing lists you can rent in which you not

only get the names and addresses... but also... the telephone

numbers of all the people on that list.

Now listen up: The selection of the list you

are going to use is... by far...

the most important decision you are going to make in this

entire equation. It doesn't matter how well you do everything

else... if... you are working with a tired, exhausted list of

people who have no interest in what you are selling. In fact,

when it comes to marketing, the most important element is always...

How Well You Target

Your Prospects!

Blue collar, beer-guzzling,

pick-up-truck-driving-dumb-asses... ain't...

gonna buy your high-priced golf clubs... no matter... how good

your sales pitch is.

OK, let's say you're gonna start with your own

list. Let's say you've got 100,000 people on your list and,

it's been awhile since you have contacted them. You write a

great sales letter and send it to the list. Your mailing is

profitable. It pulls in x%.

Let's see if we can sweeten the pot just a

bit? On the day after you drop your mail, you record a message

something like this:

"Hi, this is John Q. Everett

calling. I just wanted to tell you I mailed you a very

important letter yesterday. It's coming in a yellow envelope

and it has a sample of the kind of bills they are using for

money now in Afghanistan. There's a very interesting story in

the letter about this. And, if you hate the Taliban terrorists

as much as I do, you will really enjoy reading this letter. So

watch for it. Remember, it was mailed yesterday by first-class

mail and it's coming in a yellow envelope. Thanks for hearing

me out."

OK, Sweetcheeks, remember how you got x%

response when you mailed

that letter all by itself with no telephone call? Guess

what kind of response you are going to get when you

"enhance" your mailing with

the kind of 30-second

telephone message you just read? Well, instead

of x response... you are going to get...

3 Times x Response!

That's right, Bubba. By using the method I

just told you about, you are going to increase the pull of all

your mailings by approximately 300%!

Here's a couple

of important things:

Important

Thing #1:

These calls are all made during the day.

Not at night as I thought (and told you) a couple

months ago.

Important

Thing #2:

These calls will terminate

automatically if a live person answers. The message

will only be left on an answering machine or

voicemail.

Actually, you can

have the message delivered if a live person answers... but...

that's not the way I would

do it.

Let's explore a different scenario: Let's say

you are mailing to an outside rented list. One that is not

made up of your own customers. Here's how I would change the

message:

"Hi, this is John Q.

Everett calling. You don't know me but, I mailed you a

very important letter yesterday. It's coming in a

yellow envelope and it has a sample of the kind of

bills they are using for money now in Afghanistan.

There's a very interesting story in the letter about

this. And, if you hate the Taliban terrorists as much

as I do, you will really enjoy reading this letter. So

watch for it. Remember, it was mailed yesterday by

first-class mail and it's coming in a yellow envelope.

Thanks for hearing me out."

Not much of a change was it? The only extra

words I added were: "You don't know me but..."

You know why these are the only words I added?

Because... those are the only words that needed

to be added.

Let's mush on.

Another scenario: This time we're not even

going to make a mailing. We're gonna do it all

with telephone calls! We've rented a mailing list of avid

golfers. We've got their names, addresses and

telephone numbers. Now you send out a telephone blast

something like this:

"Hi, my name is John Q.

Everett. You don't know me but, I understand you are

an avid golfer just like me. Well, guess what? I just

learned two simple tricks from a one-legged man...

who... in spite of his obvious physical challenge,

plays scratch golf. What he taught me was how

to immediately add 30 to 60 yards on all my tee

shots... plus... he showed me a way to improve my

putting accuracy by 550%. If you'd like to know more

about what he taught me, hit zero on your telephone

right now and you will hear a 4-minute recorded

message that tells you all about this. If you are not

interested, please accept my apology for taking your

time."

This message will only be delivered to

live people (it will terminate if the call is picked up by an

answering machine or voicemail). When you reach a live person

and if he does hit zero, he will hear a 4-minute sales message

about the golfing secrets you have discovered and, how by

giving you some fungolas, he can get the secrets and the

equipment necessary for him to achieve a dramatic improvement

in his golf score.

Here's a neat thing about this: After the guy

listens to your 4-minute recorded pitch (and, it can be

shorter or longer than 4-minutes) he can press another key on

his telephone keypad which will connect him to a live order

taker. Actually, he can do this when the message is over...

or... anytime during the message... even before it's finished.

Or, he can press another key to leave you a

message.

Or, he can press another key which will get

him a fax-on-demand.

And listen, that last message could be

slightly altered so it would work with an answering

machine and voicemail. I'm not going to tell you how to alter

that script to do this... because... if you can't figure it

out for yourself... you are so pig-shit stupid, you should be

working at McDonald's.

Actually, there are so many other ways you can

use this technology, it makes me dizzy. But, don't you ever

forget this: No matter how

dazzling the technology that makes this all work...

It Is The Quality Of The List You

Are Using And The Quality Of Your

Message That Really Determines Whether

Your Marketing Campaign Works... Or... Fails!

Here is a somewhat edited version of the

information one company who offers this technology faxed to

me:

The Ultimate Marketing System

Here's how the latest technology will

completely automate

all your Lead

Generation, Follow up and Customer Interaction:

Voice Broadcast

Create a steady flow of new clients or referrals

by recording  a

30-60 second "teaser" voice message about

your product or services.

Then send it outbound automatically

to hundreds of thousands of your prospects' or

clients' answering machines or voicemail. In your

message, invite them to call your private toll-free

phone number to hear a 24-hour FREE recorded message

for more information.

Automatic

Marketing Hotline

When your prospect or client calls your toll-free

hotline, they will

hear your pre-recorded message giving them more

detailed

information and any special offers you may have. After

listening, they will

have the option of pressing "0" to speak

with you directly, or pressing "2" to

leave you a message, or pressing "8" to

receive a fax-on-demand.

Every caller's phone number is captured!

Auto-Voice

Responder

Whether your client or prospect hangs up during

your

recording or leaves a message on your Automatic

Hotline, the Auto-

Voice Responder will immediately dial back your

captured phone number

and play the proper customized response you've

recorded. This gives you a

second opportunity to present a new or different

offer. After listening,

they have the option of pressing "0" to

speak with you directly, or

pressing "2" to leave you a message, or

pressing "8"

to receive a fax-on-demand.

What you have just read is not my

words. It is the words of one of the companies who sell this

technology. Here are some of the other things they have to say

in their literature:

'

"Our Customer Support team will

lead you... even drag you... toward the success you've

always dreamed of."

(

"We'll initially help you write

2 turn-key campaigns for both Voice Broadcast and your

Automatic Hotline. We'll even record the scripts for

you, so you can start generating business

immediately."

'

"You don't have to be a rocket

scientist to implement it."

(

"A turn-key, practical, low

maintenance, inexpensive Business Generating system

which offers MAXIMUM rewards for MINIMUM effort."

(Hmn? Wonder where they got the idea for that

phraseology?)

'

"This information is delivered

pressure-free with a warm, friendly non-salesy

educational approach."

A thought before I go on: You know the message

for the golf

deal? Well, given my

druthers, that message would be delivered by a golf celebrity.

Like Tiger Woods if I could get him.

Anyhoo, there's much more to know about this

"phone blast" stuff than I can put in this letter.

Plus, I probably got some of it wrong. Like before when I

wrote these calls are made at night... only to find out, they

are really made during the day.

But, I'm pretty sure I've got the gist of it

right. And certainly, I've told you enough for you to know if

you are interested or not.

Personally, I think this could turn out to be

a very sweet deal. Here's how you can find out all

the facts about this exciting new technology. Just contact:

Jeff Troyer

Automatic Response Technologies

154 Avenue Victoria

San Clemente, CA  92672

Phone: 800/854-8765

Fax: 949/498-2591

E-Mail:  [email protected]

Website: www.automaticresponse.com

Sorry I don't have his cell phone number, his beeper number,

the serial number of his palm pilot, his driver's license number, his social

security number, his home address, the name and description of his mistress

(maybe he doesn't even have one), his bank account number, his credit card

number and so forth.

See, I don't know this guy all that well so, you'll just have

to make do with the meager contact information I've given you.

On to other stuff. In my December issue, I offered free

telephone consultations to anyone who wanted one. I've been giving those free

consultations until I'm blue in the face and, according to the feedback I've

been getting, my advice has helped a lot of people immensely.

But, I haven't been able to reach everybody. I have called

some people half a dozen times before I gave up. A few idiots left me their beeper

numbers instead of their telephone numbers.

Get real!

Anyway, I am now shredding

all the remaining requests I have for free consultations. If you still really

want a free consultation, I'll try to

accommodate you. But, you have to call and make another request and leave one

or more numbers where you are easily

accessible... because...

I Won't Make

Myself Crazy

Calling You Over And Over!

Let's talk about mail delivery in this so-called

"Age-of-Anthrax." Here is the text of a written message from Alice

of Specialized Mailing. (They're great people and their telephone number is

1-888-444-2284):

"I, Alice Mishica, PERSONALLY delivered

all of Gary Halbert's domestic,

Canadian, and international newsletters, all weighing exactly 1 oz.,

to the Santa

Ana General Mail Facility at 11:15 am on Saturday, November 10th.

"It takes a woman!"

Alrighty then. I asked my subscribers to fill out a

"Valued Subscriber Contact Form" which (among other things) asked

them to tell me when they received my December newsletter. Out of 100% of the

replies I received within the first 30-days, here's how it broke down:

41% received my newsletter 3-days after it was

mailed.

15% received my newsletter 4-days after it was

mailed.

14% received my newsletter 5-days after it was

mailed.

14% received my newsletter 6-days after it was

mailed.

5% received my newsletter 7-days after it was

mailed.

6% received my newsletter 8-days after it was

mailed.

1% received my newsletter 9-days after it was

mailed.

1% received my newsletter 10-days after it was

mailed.

3% received my newsletter 11-days after it was

mailed.

Know what I think? I think, in this

"Age-of-Anthrax"...

Direct Mail Is Still The

"Jackpot" Way To Produce Fungolas!

For one thing, as far as competition goes, it has thinned out

the weak (cowardly) members of the herd.

Now, let's go all the way back to the beginning of this

letter. Remember I said, "OK,

dammit, I AM going to put on a free

'Patches of Light' seminar!"? Well, that seminar is, in fact, going

to be free. And like I said, it's going to

be on Friday, Saturday and Sunday the 19th, 20th and 21st of April. And like I

said, it's going to be in Orlando, Florida. And like I said, this is where

Mickey, Minnie, Goofy and their pals live... so... you might want to bring

Mama and let her take the kids to see Mickey and Friends. But one thing I

didn't tell you is...

You Can Bring ALL The Guests You Want!

There is going to be something very

special about this seminar which is going

to make it extremely valuable! (You'll

have to show up to find out.)

Is anybody NOT

welcome? Yep. I do NOT want a

single negative person to attend. I do NOT

want a single "sour-minded" person to attend. Do you have

some ill feelings toward me? Are you pissed at me for some reason? If so...

Do NOT Come!

It's free, but you do have to do one thing to make sure you

can     get in. You

have to let us know you are coming and

how many people    you

are bringing to the seminar with you... plus...

you have to let us know immediately!

You can either:

1.

Leave a message on our voicemail

at 305/534-7577 and

give us

ALL this information; or

2.

You can fax

ALL this info to us at 352/861-1665;

or

3.

You can write us (if you do it right

now!) by using the address on the first page of this newsletter.

(It's up at the top of the letterhead, you dummy.)

See, we've got to know immediately

how many people are coming so we can determine which hotel we should use...

and... what size seminar room we should rent.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

PR Man For

"Dialing-For-Dollars"

P.S.

Hey Man, I really write a bitch of a newsletter,

don't I?  (Compare it, for example, to that "package-of-shit"

Joe Polish sends out every month!)

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.