SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zdld_do_the_twist.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:10
============================================================

Let’s Do The Twist —

The Gary Halbert Letter

Email Us

(323)851-8275

Audio Version

Contains Exclusive

Bonus Material From None

Other Than Parris Lampropoulos.

Get The Direct Download Here(Halbertising.com)

or

Pick It Up On iTunes

From:

South of

Jewfish Creek

Dear friend and

subscriber,

Let's do the twist!

You know, I've been writing this newsletter since 1986 and

I've written a number of issues on how to write copy. However, there's

at least one important area I haven't covered... and... at

least to my knowledge, it hasn't been covered in other

newsletters or books on how to write copy. What I'm referring

to are known in the profession as "bullets." Bullets are

little one line statements of what you'll learn about in the

book the copywriter is trying to get you to purchase or some

other product he's writing about. Bullets are usually preceded

by a dot or an asterisk (the bullet) and they look like this:

.

What

question

you must ask when you rent a car to get the

lowest price humanly possible!

.

How your military record

can get

you extra Social Security money!

.

The single

best way

ever discovered to sell a house... and... sell

it fast!

.

How you

can legally tape any telephone call you get

from a

collection agency... and... how to use that tape to scare the

hell out

of them... and... even use it (legally) to make them

pay you  a big

settlement!

And so on.

Listen, many of the most successful ads running today are

nearly all bullets. Often there's a headline and then maybe

two or three (or even just one) paragraph to preface

the bullets. Here's an example of such a one paragraph

preface:

"Are you

troubled by prostate problems? If so, you may be

interested  in a new book just released by

XYZ Publishing. Here's a small

sample   of what you will learn

when you read this book:"

Then, of

course, there are bullets, bullets and more bullets followed

by ordering instructions. Let me tell you something: Many

times a person will read an ad or a direct mail letter

containing dozens and dozens of bullets and... he'll order

just because one of them appealed to him. A

long time ago (I think it was clear back in the '70s) I was

doing some work as an outside consultant for Entrepreneur Magazine and

I was writing an ad for one of their reports or something and,

out of a tremendous amount of bullets there was one hidden in

the copy that caused calls to come in for months and maybe

even a year later. Here is that bullet:

FAKE COCAINE:

a legal substitute that fools almost everyone!

All that

bullet referred to was a small part of the literature in the report

or whatever it was in and, I'm not exactly sure who was

responding to that particular bullet who would be reading

literature from a magazine like Entrepreneur. Come

to think of it, maybe it was entrepreneurs... only

just those who were doing (or wanting to do) something illegal.

Had I to

do it over, I probably wouldn't have included such a bullet because

I sure don't think it attracted the target audience we were

hoping to sell. But, this tawdry example does illustrate the

pulling power of a single bullet even if it's buried in a

large ad.

I started

this issue with the words "Let's do the twist!" What I

meant by that is, when you

write bullets, you've got to take the facts about the product

you're trying to sell and present them in a way that "teases"

the reader into wanting the full scoop. Now listen, when I say

"twist" I don't mean distort! Your bullets

need to be 100% truthful but you need to

twist the way you write them so the reader gets a teasing

glimpse of a particular benefit for what you're selling which

makes him hungry for the rest of the story.

Writing

bullets is a real art and I don't have a magic wand that will teach you

how to do it. The only way you'll acquire this skill is

through a lot of practice. However, what

I can give you are examples of how

it's done... and... give you those examples in such a way I

bet it will be very illuminating for you. So then, here's

Gary's attempt to give you a few "aha!" experiences on the art

of writing bullets. The way I'm going to do this is to give you a

number of real life examples taken from an ad for a book.

First, I'll show you what it actually says in the book and then

I'll show you the "teaser bullet" written to correspond to

that section of the book.

What it

says in the book:

"Buyers always

ask how long a property has been on the market, and when they find

out the home has been on the market a long time they smell

blood. What's more, many buyers wonder what's wrong with the

property since it hasn't sold yet. They have second thoughts

about bidding on such a place, figuring if nobody else thinks

the property is worth what the seller is asking, why should

they? As a result, the seller can no longer get the kinds of

offers he would have gotten in the past... if your home has

been on the market for a long time, you may want to consider

taking it off the market for a little while. When you put it

back on, you can honestly answer it's been on the market a

short time..."

The Bullet:

How to sell your home faster by taking it off the market!

What it says in the book:

"The real estate brokers who come to view your home are in

essence competing against each other for the listing. And

those brokers who have been around for a while have learned

from experience that very few new sellers are prepared to hear

the truth about what their homes are worth.

"So rather than risk alienating you and losing the listing to a

competitor, most brokers will tell you what they think you

want to hear, rather than what your home is really worth.

"After a broker has secured the listing, he'll work hard on it

for months, gradually getting you to lower your price further

and further until finally the home is sold."

The Bullet:

A dirty little secret

many real estate brokers hope you never find out!

What it

says in the book:

"If your

interior designer has used your home to make a personal

artistic statement, that's great while you're living there but

don't expect it to translate well when you're trying to sell.

Rather than overdecorating or overrenovating, try to create a

neutral canvas onto which a potential buyer can project his

tastes."

The Bullet:

Why adding improvements to your

home can lower its value!

What it

says in the book:

"Make closets look larger by removing items that can be stored

elsewhere. Arrange the remaining items in a neat, organized fashion.

Brighten dark, dull closet mwalls with a coat of paint."

The Bullet:

Something crucial

(and unusual) you must do to every closet in your house before

you show it to a would-be buyer!

What it

says in the book:

"If you want to be extra aggressive, one thing you can do is to offer

brokers a higher commission. Better yet, offer a cash bonus to

the salesperson making the deal. (This tactic works best for

lower-priced properties.)

"You may find the idea of giving the broker extra money

distasteful, even outrageous. But look at it this way: while

the couple of extra thousand dollars you're parting with is a

minute portion of the selling price, it's a huge portion of

the salesperson's fee. Since it takes just as much work

to sell an inexpensive property as it does an expensive one,

why not give the salesperson a reason to work as hard to sell

your property as he would one that was a higher price?

Besides, if he's a good negotiator he'll be squeezing that

extra couple of thousand out of the buyer (or more accurately, the

buyer's bank!) anyway."

The Bullet:

The single best investment

you can make when selling your home!

What it

says in the book:

"Another technique that is very effective in selling the

hard-to-sell home is for you to provide financing for the

buyer. If this sounds unconventional or makes you feel

uncomfortable, remember that back in the late '70s and early '80s

when interest rates were in the high teens, seller financing

was more the rule than the exception. And if the banks

continue their trend toward tight money, it may become the

rule again, no matter what interest rates are. So if you're

one of the sellers who doesn't need all the cash, you may use

seller financing as a way to make the deal more attractive."

The Bullet:

How to make sure your

buyer gets financing despite the credit crunch!

What it

says in the book:

"Nine out of ten homeowners today are operating under a

terrible misconception that is costing them a great deal of time and

money. I call this misconception the 'fallacy of time.'

"The fallacy of time is the belief that in order to get top

dollar for your home you must stay on the market a long time

in order to hold out for the highest possible

price.       "In fact, the

reverse is true. The less time a home sits on the market, the higher

the price it's likely to bring. Homes that sell for above-average

prices almost always sell quickly. And homes that sit on the market for

a long time almost always sell for much less than they would have had

they sold quickly."

The Bullet:

What the "fallacy of time"

is... and how falling for it can be hazardous to your health!

What it

says in the book:

"And if you

live in a state where real estate brokers aren't allowed to draft

sales contracts, make sure your attorney doesn't drag his feet

with the sales contract. In virtually all home sales, the

contract of sale is preprinted form that the attorney or his

paralegal can fill out in a matter of minutes. Remember that

you are paying your attorney a significant sum of money; it

is not unreasonable for you to expect him to send the contract

out that day. And make sure the contract is delivered by hand.

I can't tell you how many times deals have been held up

because the attorney put the contract in the mail."

The Bullet:

Why you should never

mail a contract... and what you should do instead!

What it

says in the book:

"Odors. It

is a scientific fact that the human nose becomes impervious to a

smell after it has been exposed to it for just a few minutes.

Just because you can't smell an odor doesn't mean that a buyer

first entering the home won't smell it. Pay special attention

to the litter box and any other possible sources of odors in

the home. Keep fresh air circulating by opening the windows

or running the air conditioner. And you may consider providing

a pleasant scent with fresh flowers, potpourri, or scented

candles. If you really want to pull out all the stops, you can

try old tricks such as baking bread, boiling cinnamon, or

putting a drop of vanilla on a lit lightbulb before

buyers arrive."

The Bullet:

What you should do to

the lightbulbs in your house that can dramatically help you

sell it!

Are you beginning to get the idea? I could go on and on with

more examples but, really the best way for you to get the

"knack" of writing bullets is to read bullet-laden ads and

then, order the book or product the ad is selling and study it

till you are proficient in spotting the "source" of

the bullet. All the above bullets are taken from an ad I wrote

for a book titled Sell

Your House Fast. Here

are the rest of the bullets of that ad:

Seven questions you

should immediately ask a real estate broker before you even

consider letting him list your house!

How to overcome the

single most difficult aspect of selling your home!

How to get more

than your asking price! (You'll be amazed when you learn this!)

What colors you must

never paint your house if you want to sell it fast!

3 strategies for

selling hard-to-sell properties!

The single best way

ever discovered to sell a house... and... sell it fast!

How to make sure

your lawyer doesn't kill the sale!

How to get a

"selling edge" even 9 out of 10 real estate brokers don't know

about!

Why you should never

even think about having an open house!

5 deadly mistakes

most homeowners make when selling their homes and how to avoid

them!

Advice many attorneys

give that is absolutely wrong!

Why you should almost

never rent your home!

2 clauses you should

almost never put in your contract of sale!

What you can do if your

home is worth less than what you paid for it!

May I suggest something? Why don't you order this book and see

if you can find the text in the book from which I extracted

these bullets. The book is dirt-cheap and this will be an

excellent learning experience for you. Not only that, it's the

best book I've ever found on the subject of selling a house.

And listen: Another crucial part of an ad or a direct mail

promo is the ordering instructions. They have to be crystal

clear! So, to help you get an idea of how to do this aspect of

your promotions, I'm reproducing below the ordering

instructions I wrote for this book:

"Will

this book help you? Will it help you sell your house fast

(within 30-days) and, still get top dollar for it? Here's how

you can find out without risking a single penny. Go ahead

and order the book by mail. Keep it 30-days and read it and

check it out. Then, if you are unhappy with it, send it back

and the publisher will return your entire payment to you

quietly and without question.

Not only

that... you can even post-date your check or money order by

30-days. If you do this, the publisher promises and guarantees

not to deposit it for at least that amount of time. Then, if

you decide to return the book, the company will send back your

uncashed check or money order with no questions asked. You

can't lose.

To

order, write your name and address and the words "Sell Your

House Fast Book" on a piece of paper and send it with your payment of

$10.00 plus $2.00 shipping and handling (total $12.00) to:

Pathfinder Marketing 5839 Ponce Ct.

San Jose, CA  95120

Your

book will be sent promptly by return mail. If you have

any questions, you can call (415) 858-7583. Checks and money

orders should be made payable to "Pathfinder Marketing" and it

is not a good idea to mail cash.

Thank

you."

Well anyway, whether you order the book or not, I hope what

you've just read has given you some insight into how to write

bullets and ordering instructions. You know, copywriting, when

done well, is extremely easy to read but brutally hard to

write. Writing is, I believe, the hardest job in the world.

Especially if you do it right. And copywriting is

the most difficult form of writing. When you're writing a

novel, a short story or a non-fiction book or article, you can

get away with a little slop.

Not so with copywriting. There... every word... has

to count!

But don't despair, you can learn to do it. And, when you do,

you can work anywhere in the world and the payoff can be

handsome indeed.

I'd like to conclude this issue by telling you a curious

story. Not long ago, an officer from the third largest bank in

the U.S. spent two days in Key West with me trying to get me

to create their advertising. He was flabbergasted when I

refused. He said the bank had ad agencies standing in line

to "pitch" the bank into being allowed to handle their account.

He was a nice guy, very sharp, and, when he left he

understood, I believe, why I couldn't work on such an account.

You see, what the bank wanted was more of the "same ol', same

ol'." They run full-page ads in places like the Wall

Street Journal with a

picture of a guy in a rowboat and eight words saying something

like this:

NATIONS

BANK: The Power To Make A Difference!

I just

checked with Nancy Jones and the cost of running just one

full-page ad in the full circulation of the Wall Street

Journal is $114,605.28.

Can you imagine that? Paying that much money to print eight

words having no selling power whatsoever? Think about it: That

comes out to... $14,325.66 Per Word!

It's curious to me. I bet Nations Bank has some of the

sharpest executives in the world. I bet they watch every penny

of their costs like hawks. I bet they measure everything from

currency fluctuations to the square foot cost of each building

they rent or buy. I bet when they make a loan, they learn

everything about the buyer right down to the maiden name of

his aunts. But, on perhaps their most important expenditure of

all... their advertising... THEY OPERATE BLIND! I've never

even seen them offer a booklet in their advertising so theycan at least

"semi-measure" the pulling power of their ads.

But then, sometimes, I think it's me that's stupid. Just

think, if I handled accounts like this and charged the

standard 15% like ad agencies do, I could make $17,190.79 just

for writing a lousy eight words every time they run an ad in

the Journal.

Oh well, it's just not my bag. What I like to do is write ads

that make huge profits for my clients. I don't always succeed

but often, I put more work into writing one ad than a

conventional ad agency does in doing 10-years of work for one

of their institutional clients.

Do you have

a project for which you need advertising written? If so,

I strongly urge you to learn to write the advertising yourself

or else hire a real copywriting expert to do it for you.

Someone like me.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

I mentioned I had

recently solicited some "Feedback" letters from people who had

recently re-subscribed to my newsletter. Well, even if you

haven't recently re-subscribed, I'd appreciate a letter from

you telling me what you'd like to read about in upcoming issues.

Audio Version Contains Exclusive

Bonus Material From None

Other Than Parris Lampropoulos.

Get The Direct Download

Here (Halbertising.com)

or

Pick It Up On iTunes

Click

Here

To View Our

Newsletter Archive

Click

Here

If You Want To Be On My Newsletter Announcement List

Copyright ©

1986 Gary C. Halbert. All Rights Reserved