SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zfkk_best_shot.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:21
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

W-A-Y West of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Hey, you remember last month how I revealed to

you how I was offering five free reports as a

"bribe" to get people to subscribe to this

newsletter?

What's that? You say you do

remember? Good! Since that's the case, you may also remember

that those free reports reveal the following five powerful

secrets:

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

What to write

on a simple postcard mailing that will make people flood

into your business.

How to mail up to 100,000 letters per week at no

cost  whatsoever.

Not even postage!

How to get the name and address of every man, woman

and  child

who is ever likely to become one of your customers!

How to get yourself and/or your business featured on

cable TV without spending a penny!

How to make your ad in the yellow pages 400%

more

effective without making it bigger!

Well anyway, the reason I'm reminding you of

all this is because so many of my current

subscribers have been phoning the office here and wondering

what they would have to do

to get those five free reports.

It's very simple. All you have to do is ask. Just send me a letter telling me you want the reports and I'll

send them out to you immediately

at my expense. And, although it's not

necessary, if you happen to have anything nice to say in your

letter that I could use as a testimonial, it would be greatly

appreciated.

Why am I doing this? Actually, there are two

reasons. The first reason is (as I've been telling you over

and over), because I am truly a...

Prince Of A Guy!

And the second reason is that I'm

"hoping" to get a testimonial from you because

repeated testing over many years has proven that good

testimonials almost always improve results.

Now, don't you think about all the foregoing

was a pleasant (but rather adroit) set-up for the subject of

this month's letter which is...

Testing

Testing

Testing     Testing

Testing

"To be the best

you've got to test.

It ends all debates

and gives your mind a rest."

Let's say you've got what you think is a great

new idea that might make you lots of money. Let's say you've

invented a new kind of "unlosable" golf ball that

has a built-in electronic beeper that you can activate with a

tiny transmitter you wear around your wrist like a Dick Tracy

Radio Watch.

Sounds neat, doesn't it? You slice your ball

off into the woods and then, instead of poking around blindly

trying to find it, you simply activate the beeper and the

little cricket-like signal leads you to the ball.

Your ad agency howls with enthusiasm. You're

gonna make millions. But first, they say, you've got to do

some market testing. You've got to test media, markets, price,

and package design; whether to offer the balls in packages of

three or packages of eight; a two-page letter, a 4-page

letter, or a 6-page letter; you've got to test whether the

balls should be conventional white in color or perhaps orange

or yellow or some other color.

And so on.

Let me tell you something. All this advice

is...

Stupid!

Stupid!

Stupid!     Stupid!

Firstly, all this testing will cost a fortune

and secondly, at this

stage, you only need to test to find the answer to one

single question which is...

Does This Idea

Have Any Merit Whatsoever?

You'd be surprised how many "great"

ideas have no market viability whatsoever. Recently, for

example, I mailed a "can't fail" direct mail

promotion to 2,600 California used car dealers. Here is the

first page of the letter I used.

A

world-famous advertising expert reveals...

How

To Double The Size

Of Your Used Car Business

In Just 7 Weeks!

Thursday,

12:35 P.M.

From:

Gary C. Halbert

(213) 273-7053

8033 Sunset Blvd.

Los Angeles, California

Dear

Friend,

Can your

used car business handle hundreds and perhaps even thousands

of new customers?

If so,

this may very well be the most exciting letter you will

ever read. Why? The answer is simple. You see, I am

writing to tell you about a rather amazing way to

increase the size of your used car business and, quite

possibly, triple

your before-tax profits!

Keep

reading. I think you're going to love this

letter.

Anyway,

here is what it's all about. Listen: In the next few

days, I am (with your permission) going to send you a free

copy of an exciting report called:

What

To Write

On A Simple Postcard Mailing

That Will Make People

Flood Onto Your Car Lot!

Advertising

campaigns do not have to be expensive. No. Believe it or

not, you can get more customers with a cheap, simple

postcard mailing than other people (your competitors)

get with an expensive, full-color, full-page newspaper

ad.

But

you've got to know exactly how

to do it. You know, it took me 15-years to

discover this neat little trick. But now, by reading my

free report, you can learn how to use this dirt-cheap

little money-maker in just 15-minutes.

But,

believe me, you better be ready because this is the

promotion that will make people flood into your

business!

Why am I

going to send you this report and why am I sending it

FREE? The answer is simple: It's a bribe! It's a

shameless

(go

to page 2)

* Great

Headline!

* Great

Opening

Sentence!

* Smooth,

Powerful

Copy!

* Tells It

Like It Is!

* Shucks

Right Down

To The Core!

* Makes It

Seem Easy!

And guess what happened? Yep. They stayed away in droves!

In fact, so far, just one used car dealer

has been smart enough and had enough "hustle" to respond to my

pitch. Now, that particular car dealer is one smart cookie and he's probably

going to make a lot of money because of reading my material but, the point is

this...

What I Thought Was A Sure thing

Was, In Fact, A Total Bust!

But I found out cheaply.

It ran about $1,300.00 to mail those 2,600 letters to those used car dealers

and now I can go on to something else.

Hear this: Most new marketing ideas fail. That's OK. You just keep swinging the bat till you hit a home

run and then, once you've got your winner, you simply milk it for all it's

worth. But, what's important, really

important, is to find out if your idea has any merit as fast as possible! And, the way to do that is by...

Giving It Your Best Shot

On Your Very First Test!

Let's go back to our "homing pigeon" golf balls.

Here's how we'll give our first test our best shot. The first thing we've got

to think about is what mailing lists we are going to test. There are many

options. You could test the 434,000 names of prospective members of country

clubs available from American Golf Lists. You could try a test to the

subscription lists of the various golf magazines. Maybe there's a warranty

card list of people who've just purchased golf equipment. There's also a list

available from the Austad Company totaling several hundred thousand that has

several interesting "selects." The description of the list in the

SRDS Book says:

"Mail order

buyers of golf clubs

and golf accessories, tennis, handball and racquetball

equipment  and

other recreational items. 83% men."

Well, I'd call my list broker and see if he could get me the

very best parts of that list. I'd tell him I want only the recent, direct-mail generated names of multi-buyers of golf

equipment. And, if there are "hotline" names available (like people

who bought golf equipment in the last 30-days),

I'd tell him those are the names I want.

And, after all this, I'd tell my broker that these are the

names I want unless he happens to know of

an even hotter list of names who've bought

golf equipment by mail.

The point is this: I'd do everything

possible to get the very best, very hottest names available for my first

test.

Onward. O.K., now that we've identified our very hottest

prospects, the next step is to determine the elements of our offer. I'm

talking about price, terms and so forth.

Let's begin with price. For your first test, you should offer

the lowest price possible with which you

could conceivably make a profit. I don't know much about the wholesale price

of golf balls, but let's say our cost of

our new "radio" balls is $3.00 apiece and we're going to sell them

in packages of six. That means our product cost is going to be about $18.00

and that we're probably going to have to pay another $3.00 or so for

packaging, postage and handling.

The net result, of course, is that we've got to shell out

$21.00 for every order we fulfill.

Now look, whenever I'm thinking about direct mail, I always

mentally budget $.50 apiece for each letter I send out. Some of my mailings

cost much more, some of them (created for

my clients) are considerably cheaper but, just as a "ballpark"

number to give us an idea of our total mailout cost, $500.00 per thousand

letters mailed is not usually too out of line.

So, let's see what happens if we charge $69.95 plus $3.00

shipping and handling (total $72.95) for a six-pack of our golf balls. Since

it costs us $21.00 to fill an order, that means on every sale we are

generating a $51.95

"Contribution

To Overhead"

Now, let's divide this $51.95 "CTO" into $500.00

which as you remember, is our cost of mailing 1,000 letters. Hmn? According to

my calculator, that means we've got to get 9.6 orders (let's round it off to

10) to break even on mailing 1,000 letters.

Well, that sounds "maybe doable" but, since we want

to charge the lowest price possible, let's

see how it works out when we charge only $39.95 plus $3.00 (total $42.95).

O.K., subtracting our fulfillment cost of $21.00, that price leaves a $21.95

CTO on every order. And, by dividing $21.95 into $500.00 (our cost of mailing

1,000 letters) we find we've got to get 23 orders for every thousand letters

we mail to make our nut.

Doable? Yeah, maybe. But I sure wouldn't be comfortable

charging any less so, at this point, I think we've discovered the lowest price

that even gives us a chance of making a profit.

Now, what about terms? We can insist on cash-with-order, we

can offer terms (half now and later), we can ship COD, we can let them charge

it to their credit cards or, we can do what we ought to do for this first test and tell them to...

Send No Money

We'll Bill You Later!

What else? Well, for one thing, send the strongest piece of

copy you can create, attach some kind of "grabber" (reread the issue

January 6, 1988 of this letter) and always,

always, test your letters...

By First Class Mail!

Back to our golf balls. What's likely to happen here? Gosh,

we're mailing to...

Our

Hottest Prospects

at

The Lowest Price Possible

and allowing them

To Send No Money

and sending

Very Strong Copy With A Grabber

by

First-Class Mail!

Again, what's likely to happen? It's this: We'll probably fail.

Yep, even after all of this, most likely we're going to strike out. You see,

probably 9 out of 10 "brand new" marketing ideas don't cut the

mustard and, if your idea is in that

category...

You Want To Know

As Soon As Possible!

In life, time is the irretrievable element. Unfortunately,

most of us live our lives as though it were some sort of dress rehearsal. It's

not. This is it. Therefore, if you are in

a business deal or personal relationship that doesn't seem like it will ever

work, what you want to do in the interest of "salvage" is to get out

as soon as you possibly can. And, until you've given the situation your

"best shot," you'll never know whether you should keep struggling or

not.

As far as direct mail is concerned, it is really frustrating

to have initial results that are "marginal" and then to drive

yourself crazy by testing the "maybes."

"Maybe if we had charged a lower price...?"

"Maybe if we had mailed only the recent hotline,

multi-buyers...?"

"Maybe if we had offered credit...?"

"Maybe if we had offered a premium...?"

"Maybe if we had hired Halbert to do the copy...?"

Etc., etc., etc.

And, you know what? Maybe if you had done all that...

Maybe The Damn Deal

Still Won't Fly!!!

Please. Don't let all this discourage you. You should take the

content of this issue as good news! You

see, by using this "best shot" method, you'll be able to test more

ideas, test them faster than ever before and...

Test Them Cheaper!

Which puts the odds on your side. Which means that, after a

period of six months, while your competition is still wondering if "maybe

we should lower the price on our homing pigeon golf balls," you'll have

known half a year ago that the idea sucks, you'll have tested 16 other ideas

and found three that work and you'll be well on your way to a roll-out of

millions of letters on these three "winners" and you'll have the

luxury of testing the fine points...

While You Are

Making Money.

How sweet it is!

Sincerely,

Gary

"Best Shot" Halbert

P.S.

I recently had a long lunch with Steve

Brown, the creative genius behind Abernathy &

Closther. Steve is one of the very sharpest guys in

our business and he said something that was almost

eerily appropriate to the subject of this month's

letter. He said that, "When some people are

digging for water, they'll dig a single hole and just

keep digging deeper and deeper till they find

it." On the other hand, as he also explained,

there are other people (like him) (like me) who will

not dig so deep but rather, will dig a

lot of different holes till they find the H2O.

Which works better? Well, unless you've

got really deep pockets or a profound emotional

commitment to a certain project, you should opt for

method #2.

Actually, what I like to do is

"test dig" a lot of holes till one bears

fruit and then, turn that well over to a guy with a

different personality from

mine who will exploit that well for all it's

worth.

Works for me.

P.P.S.

If you're interested, don't forget to

write for those free reports!

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.