SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zjzd_self_pity.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:37
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

If you are in direct marketing... and... you

don't make a lot of extra profit because of the info in this

newsletter... you... are

too stupid to deserve to live!

Hey, can you tell I'm not sick any more? It's

really very easy. On the rare occasions I am sick, I snivel

and whine like you wouldn't believe. In fact, I'm so good at

it, I believe...

I Deserve A Black Belt

In Self-Pity!

On the other hand (as you can see by the first

sentence of this letter) when I'm not sick, I revert to my

regular, prickish, asshole self.

So, that's who you've got now and, I'm going

to pound some info

into your little brain which will (for sure) make you a lot of

money. Some of it will be hard-nosed common sense... and...

later, I'm going to reveal to you what I believe to be a real,

honest-to-God marketing breakthrough.

Let's begin by assuming you are a

businessman... and... you are insane.

A new bank comes to town and, after you learn all about this

bank, you decide to do business with them. However, this bank

is a bit different from other banks. The main differences are:

1.

When you

deposit money into this bank they... DO NOT... give

you any type of receipt or deposit slip.

2.

And secondly,

they... DO NOT... keep any record of how much money

you have deposited with them.

3.

And, hey, I

almost forgot: They also don't let you... EVER...

withdraw... ANY... of the money you have deposited.

So, why would you choose to do business with

such a bank? Like I said earlier, it's because you are

basically insane.

Aw, but you couldn't be that nutso,

could you? Shall we examine the way you do business and take a

closer look?

A first-class postage stamp costs 37¢ these

days, does it not? Well, I want you to start thinking of these

stamps as 37¢ paper coins. Now, let's say you have a box with 100,000 of these

paper coins inside. You decide you don't want to keep all that

money laying around the office... so... you go get Pedro (your

lowest-paid employee) and tell him to boogie on down to

"The Bank For Insane People" and deposit all those

paper coins.

By the way, those 100,000 paper coins valued

at 37¢ each is worth a total of $37,000.

Anyway, Pedro trots down to the bank and

deposits the 37 thou. The counter clerk smiles and says, "Thank

you" and Pedro returns to your office. Now, actually,

before Pedro got to the bank, he realized he was "jonesing

for a joint." So, he opened the box, saw all those paper

coins and realized nobody would know if he took enough of them

to buy a few joints. So, Pedro reached his paw into the box

and took out a fistful of those paper coins. Then, he had

another thought: What he realized was, nobody would know if he

took... A LOT... of those paper coins out of that box. So, he

did.

Pedro gets back to your office and you ask him

if he has deposited the paper coins into the bank. He answers

'yes,' and goes back to his minimum wage job of shoveling shit

or whatever other minimal task you have assigned him to do.

But, a nagging thought keeps tugging at the

corner of your alleged brain. You wonder if Pedro really did

deposit... ALL... of that $37,000 worth of paper coins. So,

you call the bank and ask them if he did. To which they reply:

"Sir,

you must have forgotten you are now doing business

with The Bank For Insane People and, we don't keep

records of deposits."

So, you smile, forget the whole thing and go

back to work.

Now, of course, you really aren't that stupid, are you?

No? Let's take a look at something else many

of you really do.

Many of you mail 100,000 or more letters per

week. More accurately, you have a lettershop do that for you.

They print the pitch, assemble it, take it to the post office

and then invoice you for the job.

Now, if they bought the postage to put on your

letters, they'll invoice you for $37,000 in postage costs.

Most likely though, you will have paid the lettershop up-front

for the cost of postage.

Now, how do you know they put all that $37,000

worth of stamps on your letters and dropped it in the mail?

I Flat Out Guarantee

You, They Did NOT!

Even if the lettershop owner himself (or

herself) is 100% honest, it is not the owner who takes the

letters to the post office. No, it's one of his

low-wage employees.

Guys who work on the loading docks of post

offices have low-paying jobs that suck. Minimum-wage Pedro who

works for you... or... his counterpart who works for the

lettershop also has a job that sucks. Do you think these guys

with their sucky lives have such high moral standards they

wouldn't even think of ripping off a lot of your 37¢ paper

coins?

Get real!

A true story: Not long ago, I participated in

a little test. 10,000 diet names were rented from a list

broker. Half (5,000) of those names were given to a lettershop

with instructions to prepare the mailing and take it to the

post office. Then, we prepared the other 5,000 letters and

took them to the post office ourselves. The letters, envelopes

and everything about the mailing were identical. The only

difference was, who did the work. Guess what?

For Some Mysterious Reason

Our 5,000 Letters Pulled In

Three Times As Many Orders As The

5,000 Sent Out By The Lettershop!

Look, this doesn't mean you should stop

working with lettershops. You can still use them to prepare

your mail. You can still use them to put the stamps on your

mail. But, don't you dare let them take your letters to

the post office!

You have them deliver those letters to you!

Then, you count the letters and... take them to the post office yourself!

If you won't follow this advice, you really

are too dumb to live. It's exactly

like letting Pedro take your money to The Bank For Insane

People and then... taking his word... he deposited all the money. Hear this:

Taking Your Mail To The Post Office

Yourself

Will Improve The Profitability Of Your

Mailings More Than Any Other Single

Thing You Can Do!

To hell with it. If you didn't get the message

after the way I just explained it, you are beyond all hope.

Now, let's talk about what I consider to be a

true marketing breakthrough. You know, if you use direct mail

or run a lot of space ads, you are doing one of two things:

1.

You are trying

to get leads.

2.

You are trying

to make an immediate sale.

Whichever you are trying to do, you almost

certainly give people a phone number to call. And, most of the

time, that number will be a toll-free number like an 800# or

an 888#. Well, sometime ago, I got suspicious about something

and I started to ask around and I began testing it myself.

Here's what appears to be true:

About Twice As Many People Will Call

A Regular Area Code Phone Number

As Will Call A Toll-Free Phone Number!

I'm not sure why. I suspect it's because

people think calling a toll-free phone number will connect

them to a high-pressure, rabid telemarketer who will try to force

them to buy something.

Not long ago, I asked a large number of my

readers to call a certain phone number. It was a 305 area code

phone number here in Miami. I asked them all to call on the

exact same date at the exact same time. They did and what I

discovered is my $15.00 per month voicemail number could be

called by 48 people at the exact same time... and... NONE of

them would get a busy signal. They ALL got my recorded

message.

Did you get the part where I said a voicemail

with a regular area code phone number costs only $15.00 per

month? Do you know how much you would have to pay if all those

calls were going to your toll-free phone number... for

which... you have to pay the charges? Especially if you use an

answering service to take your leads or orders? On a monthly

basis, it's...

Something Like

100 Times As Much!

How do we exploit this

situation? I've got a "killer" way to do it which I

will explain in next month's issue of this newsletter. It's so

slick, it amazes even me.

But, I want to finish this

newsletter on another subject.

The readership of this newsletter has grown

almost beyond belief. And, because of this, I get a continuous

stream of requests from people (people I don't even know)

asking me to endorse their product or service.

I NEVER do it. I have a rule: I never endorse

anything somebody asks me to endorse. I only endorse things

when it is my idea. Usually, the people I'm endorsing don't

even know I wrote them up... until... they read it in this

newsletter at the same time everybody else is reading it.

You... CANNOT... buy an endorsement or any kind of ad in "The Gary Halbert Letter". Needless to say, I only endorse

things I believe have extreme value. And, this month, I'm

going to tell you about something which has mega-extreme value

and I strongly urge you to buy it.

A friend of mine lives right here in Florida

in a town called Winter Haven which is close by where my

mother used to live. He sells an "e-book" called "How

To Stop Your Divorce". His e-book outsells all the

other e-books combined on the subject of divorce. You know

why? It's because in almost every divorce, there is one

partner who does not want the divorce. And that partner

doesn't just "sort of" not want the divorce... they really don't want it!

All the other e-books on divorce are more or

less based on how to win your divorce; about how to inflict as

much pain and gouge as much money as possible out of that

scumbag prick or that rotten bitch you are married to. But,

that pitch is "off target". How to stop your

divorce is what one of the partners (and often both of them)

really want.

Anyway, I consider this to be one of the ten

most important books I have ever read. And, it's not because

I'm having relationship troubles either. My Costa Rican

corazon and me are ecstatic with each other and, I pray it

will stay that way forever. No, the reason I consider this

book so valuable is, in my opinion...

It Contains The

Best Lessons In

Sales Psychology

I've Ever Read!

What it teaches is an almost-foolproof

blueprint for getting the outcome you want in a business deal,

any kind of personal

relationship and, if you have even half a brain... it will

teach you how to dramatically enhance the profits of your

marketing.

Just buy the book, Dummy. Hardly anything gets

this strong of an endorsement from me.

Not to mention, of course, it will be worth

its weight in gold if you happen to be in a troubled marriage.

All you have to do is, go online on your

computer and type in your website address bar...

http://www.StopYourDivorce.com/ghl.htm

Hey, be sure to tell 'em Gary Halbert sent you. Then, maybe I

can gouge a favor out of this guy some day.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

Not-A-Fan-Of-MD's

P.S.

On my website is an issue called "The Dark Side Of

Success!" It was written years ago but, it is as

timely now as it was the day I wrote it. I think you

should read it. Immediately.

Click on the link below...

The

Dark Side Of Success!

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.