SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zkkj_advertising_more_profitable.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:38
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

Click here to hear Kevin Halbert explain why this

newsletter is timeless and will always remain highly relevant

From:

W-A-Y West of Jewfish Creek.

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Over the course of my career,

I've written a veritable bushel of full-page newspaper ads. In fact, as

mentioned in last month's letter, someone once calculated that if all my ads

were being run by just one company (instead of separate clients) that company

would be the third largest newspaper advertiser in the United States.

Just behind Delta Airlines, they

told me.

Could that be true? I really

don't know. It sounds a little far-fetched to me. However, one thing is sure:

There is an excellent chance you can use what I've learned about how to

make newspaper ads pay off to make yourself (or your company) a real bundle of

money. Do you have a direct mail promotion that's working? If so, and especially

if that direct mail package has wide consumer appeal, you should definitely

consider giving daily newspapers a test.

It's easy. First of all, your

copy is already written. All you've got to do is "reformat" your

direct mail package so it is suitable to run in a paper.

Not only is it easy, it's also

cheap. If you know what you're doing, you can run a full-page ad in a good test

paper like the "Los Angeles Herald Examiner" or the "Fort

Lauderdale News Sun Sentinel" for less than $3,000.00.

And, not only is it cheap and

easy, it's fast! If I'm really motivated, I can often take a direct mail

package I receive from a client on a Monday, and have that package reappear as a

full-page ad on the following Monday, just six days later.

And you can read your results

fast too. If you accept phone orders, you can often tell whether or not you have

a winner the very same day the ad runs! And,

even if your customer can only respond by mail, it will still only be a few days

before you have the answer.

So, with all this going for it,

why don't more direct marketers use daily newspapers?

It's the same old story: They

don't know how. And neither do the ad agencies they hire to help them

either. Did you know there is not one ad agency in America that knows how to

insure maximum readership from a full-page newspaper ad? I'd just love to be

challenged on this. If you think I'm exaggerating, just stop reading for a

moment and take enough time to call your current ad agency (or any agency

in the phone book) and ask them how to do it. Then, compare the info in the rest

of this newsletter with the garbage you just heard on the phone.

But so what? You didn't

subscribe to this newsletter to learn my opinion of ad agencies, did you? So,

let's get to the heart of it. Listen: It has often been said the three most

important factors in choosing investment real estate are (1) location, (2)

location and, (3) location. I think that's probably true. And, when it comes to

running ads in newspapers, a similar precept needs to be held in mind. Namely

the most important factor of all is...

Position!

Position! Position!

Hark unto me. The #1 reason

people don't respond to a newspaper ad is because they don't see it! Daily newspapers are huge. Many of them are several

hundred pages thick. In fact, a recent edition of the "L.A. Times"

contained 405 pages!

Whooee! You sure could get lost

in there, couldn't you?

Now look, if you ask a normal

(dumb) advertising guy, where in the paper should you run your ad, he'll

probably reply by asking what you are selling. Then, if you are selling a

sporting goods item, he'll tell you, you should run in the sports section. And,

if you are running an ad for an astrology book, it should go in the horoscope

section. And a cookbook should go in the food section.

And so on.

And he'll also tell you that you

should try to get a right hand page as far forward in the paper as possible.

Actually, all this is sort

of true. But it's a dangerous sort of truth. It can lead to disaster. You want

to know what most advertising guys remind me of? It's this: They remind me of a

guy who's had three or four karate lessons. You know what a guy like this has

learned? He's learned just enough to get himself stomped silly if he ever

foolishly decides to darken the door of a tough redneck bar.

So true. Anyway, remember how I

am incessantly preaching the people of America sort through their mail while

standing over a wastebasket? You do remember? Good. Now, here is something else

for you to keep in mind:

As

Soon As The People Of America

Sit Down To Peruse Their Daily

Newspapers, They Immediately

Divide It By Sections

A man may ask his wife for the

sports pages. The wife might zero in on the food section. Their kids may ask for

the comics. Entrepreneurs may want the business section. Gossip mongers may pick

up the society pages.

And so on.

But nobody reads the entire

paper. In fact, hardly anybody even opens up more than two or three sections. Think about it, do you?

So, what does all this mean on a

practical basis? This: It means the very best place your ad can appear for

maximum visibility (and hence, maximum readership) is on the front page of a

section.

And the second best

place? It's the back page of a section.

Here's why. You see, even though

most people don't read or even open up every section, most people at least touch

every section. Yes, they touch it if for no other reason than to pick it up to

hand it to someone else or to throw it away. And, while they are thus handling

each section, they are forced to at least glance at the front pages of

those sections and (to a lesser degree) the back pages of said sections.

And, of course, while they are

glancing at those pages, should they happen to see an eye-catching ad, an ad

with a "killer" headline, they just might read a couple of paragraphs

to see what it is all about. And, if those first couple of paragraphs are real

good, then just maybe they'll read the rest of the ad. And, if all that happens,

who knows, maybe you'll get an order.

So, know this: Your first job is

not to get your customer to read your ad. No. Your first job is to get

him to see your ad!

It's just common sense. Look: An

ad that appears on the inside of the sports pages will be seen by everybody who

reads the sports section. However, if that same ad appears on the front or back

of any section, it will be seen not only by sports fans but also by

nearly everybody who handles the paper!

I know. I know. You

think I'm making an awful big deal about this point, don't you? Well,

I guess I am. But I'm not going to apologize. I don't care. I don't

think there is anyone on the planet who can touch me when it comes to

making full-page ads work in daily papers. And, believe it or not, as

simple as it seems, you have just learned my numero uno secret which

is:

Run

Your Ad On The

Front Or Back Of A

Section!

So much for numero uno.

Now for numero duo. In a nutshell, my second big secret is:

Make

Your Ad Look

Like A News Story

Don't make it

look like an ad. Don't use line art. Don't use arrows,

cute graphics, reverse type (except maybe to highlight a phone

number), weird typestyles...

Or

Anything Else That

Might Win An Award

For Graphic Design!

Come closer. Listen:

Here is how to "think" about your newspaper ads. Think about

what could be the best possible piece of luck you could have. Think

about a reporter who heard a rumor about your product or service and

decided to check it out. And then, he fell in love with it. In fact,

he loved it so much, he went back to his typewriter and wrote a

full-page rave article about what you are selling.

Wouldn't that be nice?

Sure would. However, it is also unlikely such a thing will happen.

So...

You

Be That Reporter!

You write the

rave "article." Just like a reporter would. And, at the end

of the article, you perform a "public service" for your

readers by telling them where and how to order. But, after all this,

don't screw up by having your "article" typeset to look like

an ad.

No. No. Noooo. It

should be typeset to look like the "article" it is. You

know, ad agencies just love to quote studies that prove how much

people love to read advertising.

Garbage!

Garbage!  Garbage!

Editorial material (or

material that appears to be editorial) gets 500% more

readership than material that is obviously advertising.

So be it.

Now, a cunningly

careful, highly scientific examination of daily newspapers will yield

yet another useful bit of data. Namely...

Newspapers

All Come

Folded In Half

Hmn? So what's the big

deal about that? This: It is not necessary to unfold a

newspaper to separate one section from another. And, what this means,

of course, is that in the process of separating a newspaper by

sections, a person may only have to glance at either the top half or

the bottom half of the front or back page of each section.

Not both halves.

Now, if it's the top

half at which he glances, that's fine! That's where your headline is.

And we all know what a headline is, don't we? A headline, of course,

is...

An

Ad For Your Ad!

But wait. What if our

reader, while separating his paper into sections, is doing it in such

a way so he only has to glance at the bottom

half of each section? Where there is no headline? No ad for

our ad?

Gadzooks. This is no

good. No good. No good. So, what we've got to do here is make sure the

bottom half of our ad has several subheads (little ads for our

ad) interspersed between paragraphs and printed in bold type.

Sort

Of

Like This

What else? Oh yeah, if

you really want to make newspapers work, you've also got to buy them

right! This is a real art and, trust me, there aren't any ad

agencies (even the big ones) who have the faintest idea of how to do

it.

Here's a story about

someone who does know how. Once upon a time, I owned a

publishing company with offices in North Canton, Ohio and also at 535

Madison Avenue, right in the heart of the Big Apple. Well, at that

time, I was buying a truly enormous amount of newspaper space. In

fact, you probably wouldn't believe just how much. So anyway,

back then, one of the guys who worked for my company hired a new gal

to do some secretarial work for him. Her name was Nancy Jones and,

over a period of time, she got into buying media for us. Soon, she

became better at buying space than any of my executives and, for sure,

far better than me. The

years have rolled by. My publishing company was sold many moons ago

but Nancy, on her own, has continued to sharpen her space-buying

skills. And, I'll tell you this:

When

It Comes To Buying

Space

In Daily Newspapers,

Nancy

Jones Is The Best

On

The Planet!

Period.

Proof: Here is a

slightly edited and bowdlerized version of a letter Nancy wrote (I

wish I could figure out some way to steal the credit and claim I

wrote it) to a large number of newspapers:

Dear

Advertising Director,

Over the past several

years, our client, the XYZ Company, has repeatedly expressed an

interest in having his advertisements published in your newspaper.

However, our agency

has compared your open rate with that of newspapers where the

advertisement has already been published and we have found it

necessary to advise the client against including your newspaper in his

advertising schedules. This decision was based mainly on the fact the

client's advertisement has been profitable only in those newspapers

where a stand-by or remnant rate has been offered

As you know, stand-by

simply means a newspaper agrees to publish an advertisement whenever

or wherever space becomes available and offers to reduce the open line

rate to the advertiser for "standing by." Space may become

available due to last minute cancellations of scheduled advertisements

or because of production difficulties. Whatever the reason, the

newspaper will generally insert a house ad or a public service ad to

fill the hole in the newspaper. Therefore, more often than not, the

newspaper receives no revenue for the use of this space.

Thus, stand-by

advertising has become advantageous for both the newspaper and

the advertiser. The newspaper has the opportunity to make money on

space it might otherwise have to give away. The advertiser is able to

use a publication it could not use at the open rate.

More and more

newspapers are becoming involved in stand-by advertising. Enclosed is

a current list of newspapers offering a stand-by program and the

discounts they allow. We are aware your newspaper has not offered a

stand-by rate in the past but we would like very much for you to

consider this possibility now. We are enclosing an insertion order for

a full page, a mechanical and a check for the new amount of the order.

The net amount has been computed at the open rate discounted by 50%

for stand-by, normal for the industry, and 15% for the standard agency

discount.

If you accept our

offer, simply hold the material until space becomes available. If and

when the opportunity presents itself, run the ad, cash the check and

send us a tear sheet. If you do not wish to participate at this time,

simply return the check to the agency and destroy the mechanical.

This offer expires in

15 days. Please feel free to call if you have any questions about the

offer or our client.

Sincerely,

Nancy Jones

So, guess what has happened as a result of that letter? This:

72%

Of The Papers Responded

On

A Favorable Basis And Nancy Jones

Can

Now Buy More Newspapers At

A

More Favorable Rate Than Any

"Sophisticated"

Media Buyer

Working

In Any Ad Agency

Anywhere

In The U.S.!

Here's a list of just

ten papers showing the card rate (the rate ad agencies get) and the

"stand-by" rate Nancy gets:

Name of Paper

Daily Circ.

Open Rate

Nancy's Rate

Savings

Abilene Reporter News

51,070

$3,315.00

$1,823.25

$1,491.75

Augusta Chronicle

78,706

3,919.02

2,155.46

1,763.56

Bakeresfield Californian

81,145

3,720.78

2,455.72

1,265.06

Dayton Beach News Journal

100,232

3,715.74

2,043.66

1,672.08

Fresno Bee

138,453

6, 275.85

3,451.72

2,824.13

Las Vegas Review Journal

100,011

4,102.20

2,256.21

1,845.99

Long Beach Press Telegram

127,870

6,439.68

3,541.82

2,897.86

Nashville Journal

189,755

8,012.19

4,406.71

3,605.48

Shreveport Journal Times

99,483

6,023.01

3,312.66

2,710.35

And so on.

Note: These rates

change often and this is just a few of the hundreds of papers

with which Nancy deals. Not only that, I have purposely listed only a

few of the little papers with whom she does business. But rest

assured, she gets similar discounts from many of the biggies.

Whatever. I'm running

out of gas. Therefore, here is a summation of some of the secrets that

have helped transform Sir Gary, the Ravin' Maven of Marketing into the

Ace of Space and Prince of Print:

Try

to run your full-page ads on either the front or the back of a

section.

Make

your ad look like an article.

Pepper

you ad with subheads, especially the lower half (that half that

appears

Buy

cheap. Nancy Jones is now the official media buyer for Everett &

Lloyd Advertising (owned by my honey, Paulette Teta) and you can get

more info by calling (213) 273-7053 and talking with either Paulette

or myself.

A final point: Would

you like to know how to get more mileage out of this newsletter? It's

simple. After you've read it once for yourself, read it again aloud

to someone else. You'll be surprised how this little trick will make

the info and insights come alive and how it will have a synergistic

effect and spark a lot of ideas.

Besides, it will help

spread the word of my wonderfulness.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

A man who is truly

"a legend in his own mind."

P.S.

Next month will be the first anniversary of this newsletter.

Therefore, it will be a

very special issue!

P.P.S.  Do you

need "roll-out" money for a tested ad or direct mail

package?

If so, call me.

And remember . . .

NOTHING

IS IMPOSSIBLE FOR

A MAN WHO REFUSES TO

LISTEN TO REASON!

See you next month.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.