SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zkld_out_of_closet.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:40
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South Of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend &

Subscriber,

It may sound grandiose to say so... but... I

honestly believe this issue of my newsletter is going to

change the world.

Five years from now, ten years from now, even

100 or more years from now, people are going to reflect back

on the publication of this issue and realize... this

was the day the greatest marketing breakthrough of the 20th

century...

Came Out Of The Closet!

I wish I could take credit for this

breakthrough. I can't. It was discovered by someone else.

However, I can take credit, I believe, for being the

first major marketing guru to recognize the importance of this

discovery.

Enough foreplay. Let's get down to it. To help

you understand the incredible importance (and money-making

potential) of this breakthrough, I want you to image

something. Let's pretend you are someone who is selling

something via direct response advertising. It could be

anything: golf clubs, diet pills, perfume, socket wrenches or

whatever. But... just for the heck of it, let's say you're

selling some sort of "paper and ink" product. It

could be a newsletter. Or perhaps a book. Or maybe a report on

how to lose weight or lower your golf score... or...?

Just to keep us rolling here, let's you and I

mutually decide your product is a report on how to buy

real estate without cash or credit.

Onward. Let's also say you've decided to use

the 2-step method to sell your real estate report. Your plan

is to run a lead-generating ad in high-circulation, national

publications such as Parade, Modern Maturity, Reader's Digest, National Enquirer and so

on. Here's what your lead-generating ad might look like:

Free

Report Reveals How To Buy

Real Estate Anywhere In The U.S. Without

Using Cash, Credit Or Bank Financing!

To

get your free copy, simply call my secretary (her name

is Betty) and give her your name and address. You can

call anytime Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to

5:00 p.m. East Coast Time and the number is...

1-800-000-0000

With me so far? Of course you are, right?

So... we mush on. Now, here's approximately

what it will cost to run that ad in each of the publications

mentioned above:

Name

Circulation

Size

of Ad

Cost

Parade

36,500,000

1/5 page

$110,000

Modern Maturity

22,450,000

1/3 page

$ 84,600

Reader's Digest

16,300,000

1/2 page

$ 72,900

National Enquirer

4,000,000

1/4 page

$ 11,600

TOTALS

79,250,000

$279,100

Whoa! That was like a bucket of ice water

thrown in the face, wasn't it? Geez, we're spending almost

$280,000... just to get our leads!

Oh well, takes money to make money, don't it?

But... we ain't done spending money yet. Hell,

we've hardly gotten started. Our next expense is paying for

all those incoming telephone calls. That expense will include

the 800# toll charges, the salaries of all the people we need

to answer the phones, our overhead, etc. Let's go easy on

ourselves and say we're taking these calls for only a buck

($1.00) per call.

And... since the combined total circulation of

all those publications where we are running our

lead-generating ad is 79,250,000, let's guess we'll take in a

total of about some 396,250 calls. (By the way, that's 1/2 of

1% of the total circulation.)

Hmm? 396,250 calls at $1.00 apiece is going to

set us back another $396,250. Ain't I good at math?

But hey, this is so much fun... LET'S SPEND

SOME MORE!

How? That's easy. The next thing we gotta do

is mail a sales letter to all those people who phoned in. If

we are very, very careful... we can do this for about

fifty cents per letter. And thus... we've spent another

$198,125.

Leapin' lizards! This is getting to be a

nightmare, isn't it?

But... we gotta spend... MORE! MORE! MORE! For

one thing, we've got to pay to have our report printed. For

sure we can get that done for about $2.00 apiece. But, we've

also got to pay for a container to ship those reports in,

postage, the cost to address the mailing package, the cost of

storing the reports until they are sold and so on.

Without putting too fine a point on it, let's

say our cost of filling each of our orders is about $5.00.

Now, let's crunch some imaginary (but

realistic) numbers and see what the bottom-line of this

campaign is going to be.

Let's say our sales letter generated a 6%

response which means we pulled in 23,775 orders. At $5.00

apiece to fill those orders, our fulfillment cost is $118,875.

Add that to all our other costs and our total gross expenses

equals $992,350.00.

And, since our selling price for our report is

$42.00 ($39.00 + $3.00 S&H) our total gross income is

$998,550 which means, after all is said and done, our net

profit before taxes is...

$6,200!

Not much for all that work and expense, is it?

Stay with me. Let's see if we can make this

dealybop just a tad more exciting. To begin with, let us say,

just for the heck of it, that...

All Those Publications Let

Us Run Our Lead-Generating

Ad Totally Free Of Cost!

Wow! That saved us $279,100 right from the git-go,

didn't it?

Let us further say, the phone company decided

not to charge us anything for our incoming 800#

calls... and.. our employees have agreed to work for us FREE!

Yahoo! We were shelling out $1.00 for every

call we took in but now, since we don't gotta pay nothing

(forget it, Miss Books; I make a helluva lot more writing my

fractured English than you ever did teaching the formal

version at Barberton High) that means... we saved another...

$396,250!

Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!

Now for the cost of mailing our sales letters.

For some crazy reason, all the people who called our 800# got

together and decided to pay all our printing, addressing and

postage expenses. So now, the cost of mailing our sales letter

is...

Doodley Squat!

Nada. Zilch. Nothing.

Which means, Jellybean, we've saved yet

another $198,250!

But wait! We still gotta pay to have our

reports printed and shipped, don't we?

NO! NO! NO!

You see, all our customers, in a frenzied fit

of generosity, have agreed to pay all our printing and

shipping expenses... in addition... to what they have paid to buy the report.

Let's see. What we got here is NO advertising

costs!... NO costs for our incoming calls!... NO costs for

mailing our sales letters!... NO fulfillment costs!

No Nothing!

Hmm? Let's take a look at our new balance

sheet:

GROSS SALES:

$998,500

GROSS EXPENSES:

$ - 0 -

PROFIT:

$998,500

Just a dream, right? Nothing but a fantasy,

ain't that so? An impossible scenario, huh?

Oh yeah? Hang on to your hats, chil'n

because...

The Hot New Marketing Breakthrough

I'm About To Reveal To You

Makes The Above "Dream Scenario"

An Everyday Reality!

Do I have your attention?

Good. Here's the scoop: One of my closest

friends is Mike Enlow, a world-famous private detective, who

lives in a cabin on the Boguechitto River in the backwoods of

Mississippi. Mike has grown weary of normal P.I. work so, some

time ago, he decided to use his investigative talents to

unearth new or little-know... but

effective... advertising techniques.

And, in due time, he discovered something that

blew his mind... and mine!

Hark unto me. It appears, about eight years

ago, a man in California wrote a mystery novel. He then

"uploaded" his book onto a number of computer

bulletin boards or BBS's.

He also uploads a little "teaser" ad

which encouraged people to "download" and read his

novel.

Many people did. Many, many people did.

And there they were, reading away, really getting into it.

They downloaded three chapters and they couldn't

wait to download the rest of it to find out how the book

ends. But, when they got back to their computers, guess what

message popped up on the screen?

"Notice.

The rest of the text in this file has been encoded. If you

want the password to decode the text, call (000) 000-0000 and

use your MasterCard, Visa or American Express to pay for

same."

What happened? Well, many of those people who

downloaded the  first

three chapters of his book just

had to get the rest of it so... they called and paid for

the "password." The result?

This Guy Sold 100,000

Copies Of A Blankety-Blank

Mystery Novel In Just

7-Weeks!

No advertising costs. No fulfillment costs. No

nothing. He sold 100,000 books and... it was all

profit!

What if that had been a diet book? What

if he had done that this year when there are 100 times

as many computer bulletin boards as there were in 1985?

Why doesn't he do it again? Probably because

he's a computer nerd with no "marketing mindset"

whatsoever.

Like this next guy who did something similar

on a local BBS just a few months ago. What this guy did

is, he uploaded a sales letter on his local computer

bulletin board and 100 people downloaded his letter... and...

50 of those people gave him an

order!

What did he do next? Nothing. He went back to

some other academic computer nonsense.

What would you or I have done? I don't know

about you, Cupcake, but, if it were me... and... I got a 50%

response from my sales letter (which cost me nothing to

deliver)... I'd want to know... are there any other computer

bulletin boards onto which I can upload my sales letter?

Turns out there are. In fact, there are now...

60,000 Computer

Bulletin Boards!

Yahoo! Yahoo! Yahoo!

More: So it comes to pass, that Mike Enlow,

after learning about the adventures of the above two

gentlemen... well... Mike decides to try a little experiment

on his own. What he does is, he uploads a little

"teaser" ad onto one (1) underground bulletin board

which reads...

"P.I. Secrets Revealed"

And what happened? Not much, just that...

148,710 PEOPLE DOWNLOADED A FULL ISSUE OF HIS NEWSLETTER

AND... THEY... PAID TO DO IT!

My God, do you know what it would be worth to me

to have almost 150,000 people read an issue of this

newsletter without me having to pay a penny to get them to

do so?

Millions.

I feel faint.

Now listen: Not all computer boards will let

you upload a message free of charge. One of the biggest is

CompuServe and, when Ted Nicholas wanted to run an ad on that

huge BBS, he really had to pay through the nose. In fact,

CompuServe soaked Ted for a whopping...

$13.00!

That's right, he only paid a lousy thirteen

bucks and he got back many, many, MANY

TIMES what he spent!

Hey Buckwheat, are you starting to suspect

we're on to something here?

Here's what you need:

(A)

A

"teaser" ad saying something like "Free

Report Reveals blah, blah."

(B)

A free report

which is really a "camouflaged" sales

letter.

(C)

A report,

book, newsletter or some other "paper and

ink" product.

Here's what you do:

(A)

You upload all

of the above onto one or more computer bulletin

boards.

Here's what your customers do:

(A)

They access a

computer bulletin board and scroll through it until

they see your "teaser" lead-generating ad.

(B)

They read the

teaser ad and thus, sufficiently teased, they download

the text file which the ad refers them to.

(C)

They read the

text file they have downloaded which is, in reality, a

sales letter, disguised as a report.

(D)

After reading

the "sales letter" they've downloaded, they

decide they want your report (or whatever) it

describes and they call your office (or some answering

service) and charge $39.00 (or whatever) to get the

"password" which enables them to download

your report (or whatever).

(E)

They access

the bulletin board once again, punch in the magic

password... and then... on their own nickel... they

download your report or whatever it is you are

selling.

PAY ATTENTION HERE!

Look what you've eliminated. There is:

NO

COST for running the teaser ad!

NO

COST for printing and mailing your sales letter!

NO

COST for printing and shipping your report!

NO

COST for any inventory!

NO

COST for any office!

NO

COST for employees!

NO NOTHING!

And guess what else? You don't even have to

own... or know how to use...

a computer to get in on all this.

That's the beauty of it. You see, there isn't

a town in the U.S. that doesn't have hundreds of

"computer nerds" (many of them high school kids) who

can do all the "mechanics" of this computer stuff

for you.

Is there more you need to know?

Yes, there is. You need to know how to find all

of those 60,000 computer bulletin boards. You need to know exactly

how to word (it's a little tricky) your teaser ad so it will be

accepted by the owners of the bulletin boards. You need to know

how to word your sales letter so it is perceived as a report.

(Easy when you know the secret.) You need to know exactly

what types of products can be sold most profitably on these BBS's.

You need to know how to encrypt (scramble) the text of your paper

and ink product. You need to know how to automatically

change your password every day and how to do it via remote control.

You need to know a certain secret of processing your credit card

orders which will make sure you stay in business. You need to

know... oh heck...

There's Really A

Lot More

You Need To Know!

None of it is difficult. It's just there are

certain "rules of the road" you must

understand if you want to play in this game!

How do you learn these rules of the road? One

way would be to stumble around learning this stuff all by

yourself. When you get finished, you'll be a bit bloody and

perhaps five years older... but... you'll have not spent much

money.

Another thing you could do is invent a time

machine, reverse time for a few months and attend either my

"Birthday Bash" or my more recent early August

seminar.

But, if you don't want to waste five years

and/or you don't know how to invent a time machine... well

then, you could, uh...

Buy The Tapes Of

My Last Seminar!

Wherein, my child, you'll learn everything

you need to know to make a fortune from this dealybop I've

just outlined for you.

Enclosed with this letter is a brown envelope.

Inside that envelope is a description of what you will learn

by listening to and watching the tapes of the seminar that

just ended a few days ago. Also, in that envelope, is an audio

tape you can listen to. When you do, you'll hear live segments

of two of the most exciting parts of my August seminar.

And, of course, the letter in the brown

envelope will also tell you how much I'm gonna soak you (less

than you'd guess) for the tapes and how to order.

Let me be serious here for a moment. What I've

just revealed to you is the most exciting marketing

breakthrough of this century. However, if you want to take a

ride on this baby, you'd better get on board now!

Here's why: Remember when "976

numbers" first came out? Back then, Gloria Leonard,

publisher of High

Society Magazine was raking in over

a quarter million dollars... A DAY... from her 976 calls.

No more. Now there's lots of regulatory

interference, competition, hassles with the telephone

carriers, etc.

Don't get me wrong. You can still profitably

play the 976# or 900# game but...

The Glory Days Are Over!

Same with TV infomercials. In the 80's I

worked with a TV producer named Hal Morris who would sometimes

shoot three infomercials... a

day... for little more than pocket change.

Plus, airtime was dirt-cheap and there was

very little competition. He almost couldn't lose... and... he

didn't. He made...

Millions!

It's not so easy anymore. There's mucho

competition. The cost of airtime is out-of-sight and... the

"Feds" watch every infomercial like a hawk.

Yes, you can still make money in infomercials

but, once again...

The Glory Days Are Over!

The same pattern is going to happen with

computer bulletin board marketing. Four years from now, you'll

still be able to make money with this form of marketing but...

1.

It's going to

be highly regulated!

2.

There's going

to be a ton of restrictions imposed on you!

3.

It's going to

cost 10 to 100 times as much as it does now because

the bulletin board owners are going to wise up and

start charging an arm and a leg to all

"information vendors" such as yourself!

But now? Right now... and probably for about

the next 18 months...

You Can Run Like Crazy

With No Interference Or Competition

And... If You Hustle... You Can Become

Rich! Rich! Rich! Rich!

(very, very quickly)

Rip open that envelope. Read that letter.

Order the tapes.

Get In On This!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

Don't

worry if you don't currently have a paper and

ink product.

Why?

Simply because part of what you will learn from the

seminar tapes is how to get all the paper and ink

products you could ever want...

For

Practically Nothing!

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.