SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zkll_better_be_running.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:42
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend & Subscriber,

"Every morning

in Africa, a gazelle wakes up. It knows it must run

faster than the fastest lion... or... it will be

killed.

"Every morning

a lion wakes up. It knows it must outrun the slowest

gazelle... or... it will starve to death.

"It doesn't

matter whether you are a gazelle or a lion, when the

sun comes up... you better be running."

Amen.

You know, I used to think if I worked hard

enough, remained clear-headed enough, remained disciplined

enough, was clever enough, honest enough, creative enough,

good-hearted enough... and... in general, did enough of

everything I needed to do... that someday... I would get to a

"sweet spot" where I could just kick back and enjoy

life.

Me and everyone I cared about would be

healthy. Financial problems would be a joke. I'd have so much

money stashed away, I would be able to laugh at the money

worries of lesser mortals. I'd have the love of a good woman

(maybe more than

one) and an endless supply of everything great. Love.

Money. Sex. Health. Fame. Friends. Adoring fans. You name it,

I'd have it. I'd have it all.

I'd wake up in the morning, stretch, splash

some water on my face, drink a cup of coffee, walk out on my

sun deck, look out at the ocean... and... my big decision of

the day would be... 'what pleasant thing shall I do to amuse myself today?'

Well, guess what? In spite of all my

successes, all my luck, all my doing everything just so...

that "sweet spot"... has always managed to elude me.

Finally, as we approach the beginning of an entirely new

century, I have managed to figure out why I can't find that

"sweet spot." Simply put...

It Don't

Exist!

Not in this world anyway. Show me a guy worth

100 gazillion dollars and I guarantee, he won't be in that

"sweet spot." He'll have 167 things on his "to

do" list. He won't have enough time or energy to have a

real and satisfying relationship with a member of the opposite

sex. And he'll frantically be trying to juggle 30,000 balls in

the air all at the same time.

Show me the very best marriage or relationship

you know about. Show me a couple so "right" for each

other they absolutely "glow" when they are together.

Let me hire a private detective to record their lives with

hidden microphones and TV cameras... and then... I guarantee

you will be astonished

at how much stress they

are dealing with in their lives!

Show me any retired person you know. Pick

someone who has meticulously prepared for his or her

retirement. Let's put the hidden cameras and microphones on

that person and what will we find? Unexpected aches and pains?

Loneliness? Despair? Poor health? Depression? Etc.

S-C-R-E-E-C-H-!

That's the sound of me ending my rant on the

morbidity of life. Life is not necessarily morbid. It's

not necessarily joyous either. You know what life really is? It's

a conveyer belt! A conveyer belt of problems,

opportunities, joyous events, horrible events, good news, bad

news... everything you can imagine. But, this

conveyer belt was not designed by man; it was designed by a

DUDE just a tad smarter than us mere mortals. And guess what

else? There ain't NO mechanical problems with HIS conveyer

belt... and... that damn thing... ain't

never gonna stop moving! Truth be told, that sucker seems

to me to be speeding up every

single day!

You're on that treadmill. So am I. So is

everybody else on this planet still lucky enough to be drawing

breath. Other than the grave, we don't really have a choice.

As my friend, Dr. Joachim DePosada pointed out in that little

tale about the gazelle and the lion...

When

The Sun Comes Up,

We Better Be Running!

So what? Well, here's so what: Since we don't

have any real choice about whether or not we are going to run

"the race of life," my idea is this:

For As Long As We Can,

Let's You And I Be

The Fastest, Strongest And

Most Ferocious Lions

In The Whole Damn Jungle!

Let's not starve; let's not be eaten; let's thrive!

Here's my plan: I occasionally run an ad in Investor's Business Daily with the headline, "How To Make Up To 15

Profitable Trades Every Single Day The Market Is Open!"

That little ad is designed to get people to call my answering

service and request a copy of my confidential report which

explains my new stock trading system. I think you've already

seen a copy of that ad in this newsletter but, since I suffer

from an advanced case of "CRS"*, I'm going to

reprint it right here just to make sure.

Free Report Reveals...

How

To Make Up

To 15 Profitable

Trades Every

Single Day The

Market Is Open!

New

trading system works like a Swiss watch. However, it

does not work with bulletin board or "pink

sheet" stocks.

This system lets you make up to 15 profitable trades

per day... but... it only works with stocks listed on

the NYSE, AMEX  or

NASDAQ exchanges. This is not

day-trading... but... most of your trades (about 90%

of them) will be completed in approximately 40

minutes. In other words, if you buy a stock at 11:00

a.m., you will probably have sold it (at a

double-digit percentage profit) well before noon.

This

system is not for everybody. If you can't pay

attention to the stock market for at least 90 minutes

per day... and... if you can't scrape together $8,000

or $9,000 to get started, this system is not for you.

On the other hand, if this is not a problem for you...

then... you should read my free report immediately!

It's

easy to get a copy. All you have to do is call my

answering service, leave your name and address...

and... we will send the report to you by First-Class

Mail the same day we receive your call.

1-800-960-6647

If you happened to read that ad and requested

a copy of my report, I'm sure you'll remember receiving it. I

sent it by Federal Express... and... along with the report was

a personalized letter addressed to you with a $1.00 bill

attached to the first page... so... I would be sure to catch

your attention.

There was also an audio tape included with the

package.

I've learned a very valuable lesson from

running that ad. I've been so swamped with people interested,

I haven't been able to reach each caller. I took on so many

students and, I ended up working so many hours, it started to

affect my health. I was working up to 14 hours per day and

there were some days I literally "forgot" to eat. I

got my youngest son to help me out and, at first, I thought

that would take off the pressure.

But, it didn't. The students just kept coming

and coming and my son started to get as exhausted as I was.

Our fee to teach someone the stock trading system was $3,700

and, in spite of that high price, the students still

kept coming! We were ruining our health trying to keep up.

So one

day, I just quit.

On that particular day, I had seven new

students ready to go... and... I told them to keep their money

because, I literally had to take some time off. Can you

imagine that? I could have made $25,900 in a single day...

and... in spite of that... I quit.

It's not like I don't need the money either. I

now have a special set of circumstances in my life... that

requires... (in order for me to continue to help certain

people whom I love with all my heart) I make a considerable

amount of money.

Those circumstances are personal and I'm not

going to discuss them here.

Anyway, I got to thinking: Why don't I follow

my own advice? Why don't I teach this stock-trading system at

a seminar... have it audio and video taped... and then... sell

the tapes? That way,

I can stop doing all this personalized instruction and take

some time off so I can get a little bit of enjoyment out of my

life. (By the way, I continually modify my trading system...

and now... I've got it where you can make all your trades

early in the morning and go do something else with the rest of

your day.)

And, I got to thinking even more: Why not (at

the same time) don't I give an updated version of my "How

To Write A Sales Letter That Will Make You Rich"

seminar? I can include all the new Internet stuff I've

discovered and give my students a jump start on writing the

kind of copy that's going to work most effectively in the

coming century.

And, I got to thinking even more: Why don't I

teach every detail you need to know to have a profitable

website on the Internet?

And, I got to thinking even more: Why don't I

make this the absolute best and most complete seminar of this

entire century? Why don't I do one final end-of-the-century

seminar... and... tell everything

I know?!

Why don't I do a seminar so fantastic that Jay

Abraham, Terry Hunefeld, Brian Kay, Dan Kennedy, Michael

Kimble, Bill Myers, Joe Polish, Tony Robbins, and all the rest

of them... will be too

ashamed to ever show their faces in public again?

I'm gonna do it. Damn it, I'm gonna do it! You

know what I'm gonna call this seminar? It's gonna be...

"Gary

Halbert's

Masters Of The Millennium Seminar!"

It's the end of the century and I'm going to

spill it all. Hell, I may as well. I can't use all this

knowledge anyway. As I've often said, "I

have the same ability to manage a business as a pig has to

solve geometry problems."

But, make no mistake: Just because I can't

manage doesn't mean I can't teach!

I'll tell you what: I've got more to teach than all the rest

of the ever-growing tribe of "Gary Halbert

Wannabe's" all put together. Here's a sample of what I

will be teaching at this seminar:

R

How

to start trading stocks at 9:30 in the morning... quit

by 10:30... and... make a tidy profit for the rest of

your life!

R

What

you need to know about making an Internet website

profitable... before... you waste one minute of your

time or one dollar of your money!

R

Tips

on how to spot the almost invisible problems that are

hurting your business (no matter how big or small) and

the triple step technique to solve those problems

fast!

R

How

to use my riveting "A-Pile/B-Pile" strategy

to increase your direct mail response by as much as

400% overnight! (Plus, new Internet strategies to make your copy even

more effective.)

R

How

to close your sales like a pro in your copy... or...

on the phone... or... on the radio... or... on

television... or... even on a website!

R

Why

your "back-end" sales may be 1,000 times

more profitable than your initial sale... and... what

to do to make your second sale in less than a week

from the time you got the initial order!

R

How

to write headlines that force

people to read your copy... and... how to write

copy that forces people

to desire and order your product and service! (Y2K is

going to be a big help here.)

R

How

to instantly blow

all competition out of the water, no matter how much

bigger they are than you or how much longer they've

been in business! (With these three secrets, your

1-man business can defeat a huge enterprise that

employs as many as 1,000 people.)

R

How

to test the appeal of your offer for pennies and give

yourself a 100% better chance of succeeding! (Believe

it or not, I can put the odds 50 to 1 in your favor.)

R

Five

fast, simple steps to make yourself the only person

your customers would even think about doing business

with... and... a very special secret that makes this

especially true after January 1, 2000!

R

A

truly "no-brainer" way to bump the amount of

your average order by 100% or more automatically!

R

How

to combine your Yellow Page ads with an Internet

website that makes it virtually

impossible for your prospects to pay attention to

anyone else!

R

How

to write "killer" copy... even if... you are

almost illiterate!

R

How

to locate the very hottest potential customers for

your specific product or service!

R

How

to suck $100,000 in cash right out of your business in

less than 30-days with one simple letter!

R

How

to create "instant credibility" that forces

people to believe your claims!

R

Why

perception is reality! (Except on the Internet.)

R

How

you can create a telephone upsell that will suck out

even more money from 50% of all new customers who call

to order!

R

How

to write brilliant copy even on those days when your

mind is frozen!

I

could go on and on but, I'm not going to. However, I do want

you to know, I am setting aside an entire day (maybe two days, if necessary) at this seminar where I will attempt to

answer all questions from all attendees of the seminar.

Whatever your goals are, I will try to help you achieve them.

Whatever your problems are, I will try to help you solve them.

Basically, what I want to teach you is this...

The Best Ways In The

World To Become Rich

Before The Year 2,000

Is Even Half-Way Over!

Look, veterans of my past seminars have said

there is no way to accurately describe what happens at these

events. Each day starts at fever pitch... and... it continues

to go up from there... until... I literally have to force

everyone to go to bed for the night so I can

"re-juice" my brain for the next session.

Would you like to know who are the most likely

people you are going to meet when you come to a Gary Halbert

seminar? It's simple: It's often someone who's been to a previous

seminar. You see, often, after a person leaves one of my

seminars, he goes out and makes so much money so fast, the

expense of coming to another seminar is almost of no

consequence. I do not exaggerate when I say that often, when a

person comes to one of my seminars it is...

A Life Transforming Event!

Where am I going to have this seminar? How

long will it last? How much is it going to cost?

Actually, there are certain

"details" of this seminar I don't want to reveal

unless you are a serious

potential attendee. The nature of this seminar is such, I

don't want anyone to attend... unless... they talk with me on

the phone first. The conversation won't be overly long...

but... it will be important.

I hope you're interested. If so, call 1-305-534-7577 or fax

1-352-861-1665 and leave a number and the best time I can

call you.

But... call now! I am writing this

letter on the last day of August which means you will be

receiving it well after we are already into the month of

September... which... does not leave us a lot of extra

time to get this dealybop organized and up and running. If you

come to this seminar, you are going to start the next century

as the baddest ass in the jungle. You know what my attendees

are gonna call you if you are a non-attendee? It can be summed

up in one word:

Lunch!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

I

don't usually dedicate my seminars but, I sure am going

to dedicate this one. This one is for my daughter, her

husband and their new-born baby girl. Cindy is my oldest

child and she just blessed me with a beautiful new

granddaughter named Rosannah Antonia Seger.

But,

there never seems to be any roses without thorns, does

there? Cindy went in to have a normal birth and ended up

having to have a Caesarean. It seems she had a benign

tumor in her uterus... the

size of an orange... that... the

doctors somehow failed to previously notice! This

caused her to almost lose her life five different times.

She had so much internal bleeding, they found an entire

liter of blood in just her uterus. Her blood pressure

dropped to practically nothing. Her heart became

arrhythmic and nearly stopped. And on and on.

All

the while, her lovable, big lug of a husband, Anton

"Big Mac" Seger was beside himself with worry.

But

Cindy is out of intensive care now and in a non-critical

section of the hospital. She should be released from the

hospital altogether in about a week after the iron count

of her blood is back to normal.

I

couldn't be more proud of her. She was on that damned

conveyer belt and it started to go 1,000 MPH... but...

my baby girl hung in there!

Yahoo!

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.