And then, very quickly, I decided to buy. G1 Andthere AND then when I was coming from the right place Okay, guys, you have to go. Buying it means you have to enable it for me there. It's also about sharing my screen or you I want to share more easily. to share, right? And do this: I'll give you back the today beauty patience personal problems technicians and says something completely unrelated, I'm going, I the Hey guys, are you watching this? Okay, great, just let me minimize it. here, this little video screen that stays Here in my right corner, so I won't. I'll see you guys and send anything else you need. there on the site that Paulo will be staying at I'll look at the questions, but for each The session we're going to see here has a There's a pause for questions and then... People do something more interactive like this so that everything doesn't get rushed, it also stays It's very boring, so we'll just keep doing it. This is how we interact. Ah That's fine, these people want me to... Put it in full screen mode to love you. Okay, so folks, it's a pleasure to meet you here. with all of you, right? For those who don't know me You know, I'm Gabriel, I was in front of you. then from the community copy of this this project hop classics where we give a immersed there in the classics of copyright It's not that we started with this project, it's a a year and a half, more or less. And then, after the Telegram channel here on I believe almost all of you are there. inside after the Telegram channel ended The community is emerging, right? That's where it's located. the bulk of the material and Paulão is there I've known Paulo since the beginning. since when did I create this new My Instagram account for discussing copyright. He's known my dick since the beginning of... my journey We've already created some content together. mainly about the RMBC, right? The three. The last content we created was more focused on the structure of RN BC for those who don't know the structure of the RBC a structure proposed by Stephanie time His method, right? It's a very commonly used structure. nowadays in the American Cups at 10 American series and long letters and We are here today so that we can try to draw a parallel between the structure of RDC EA structure of João, blessing, right? I have I'm sure many of you have already experienced this too. They heard about the structure of a blessing. It's almost all the PLR ​​Players out there and They recommend this structure from João. blessing But they usually recommend with the A mind map, right? That's what we're going to see here. Now the problem is that when you when you only have access to that map mentally you have access there to The skeleton of the structure but the mind map It doesn't tell you exactly what to write in. I told you about each step of the structure, right? how to develop each topic there structure So today we're going to go through Here we have a VSL written by by John himself, the very truth of his own João's course is a blessing, right? Which is actually... This material here is the original material. In English, I even thought about doing that. They find it here using the English material. And then I would do a translation of each slide, but I think that would take too long. That's too much, so we made a makeshift solution here. what help can my friend Anderson give me? community cop diseases Oh, okay, even He's here in the room and he helped me to translate these automatically slides, so the translation is obvious, as it is. an automatic translation of these slides is not an ideal translation, we You'll see some formatting errors there and There are some translation errors, but it's like this. 95% of the time it's good for us to move on to the People understand everything, it's very complete. this material as you can see here 450 slides then, as I said there in It will start with some material, a meeting. in-depth content and is perhaps even a little boring at times. No. Wait until you learn all of this at once, okay? Obviously, this is a compilation. It's a condensed version of an entire course, right? João's blessing that we are going to pass Ready, the tip is here, and you'll have... access to iaee this material After this I'm going to record this for you to study calmly. make available those slides that I use here also in this presentation for you study calmly and digest with Calm down, all this is because it's a lot to take in. even for me and Paulo, you're there for anyone else who has ever had access this material before you know that it is a material well after all a structure that It starts there from beginning to end and goes through many peculiarities many specific details that we will see here now there's something stuck add wood to the front of production but the people start Hey sis, I think it's more of a question, it's the so we can start synchronizing you you all managed to realize over time there's a meeting today, some differences in the structure of João bença ela He came first, he's in chronology with Dean. Benson has been there since 2006, if I'm not mistaken. 2007, I might have gotten the number wrong, okay? that wheel basically follows this structure with some adaptations and the Stephanie, he came from 2012 to 2013. So then the skin kind of assembles this days the structure may have taken a a few more years, around 2014 and maybe but at the same time another He brought to the market is much more recent and all that I'll talk about this a little more later. forward some of the children's things That's how I see it. Clear, in three, two, but... at the same time it stays on your mind. that they are not necessarily even more so in this digital environment A one-year-old Pit Bull means a ten-year-old Pit Bull. They are not from the same moment, so Well, maybe 17 years old, six or seven. years on foot That's a great show, so let's continue. Here's a panoramic view, right? This is... the structure of the RN BC today, as I said Let's focus more on the structure of the PSL, shall we? because Paulo and I have been focusing I have many RBC receptors, right? I'm sure Paulo will be there at the meetings that He does it like you guys, but it's much more... thus focused on the RN BC structure which is used nowadays rather than in João Bessa's structure. So today... people will try dismantle this structure here by doing a quick parallel with the structure of inpc make one of our comments Based on our experience, as I I already wrote VSLR, used completely. João's structure is already a blessing. writing is serious, using it fully I had the RBC structure and the feedback from right, the market results. And then... to what extent are these issues appearing here in the trans the question a People keep making these kinds of comments. So, an overview of the RBC structure. We start with Lidi, then it moves on to... Background Story is an origin story. backstory enters the mechanism of problem mechanism of solution mechanism The solution leads to the construction of the product. and it takes the offer, right? And here's the structure of... a blessing, perceive a structure Similar, right? Because it's a structure. Similar because that's the natural path. persuasion is the natural path for you to present an idea It was already connecting with your audience, showing the problem, show solution and offer Something, right? So, an equivalent? Here is the structure of a Snap blessing. Suggestion, right guys? Start with Snap! suggestion as if it were the lead of the NBC that João's blessing only comes with one different name after Vital connection right, that's the connection there from the narrator of copy of the character from the coppe competition that the origin story and then we entered into the big problems in the big The solution is available in large quantities today. We'll actually be playing here at Via Céu Now. Nalva and the sky, if I'm not mistaken... A blessing, I changed the order here. And then, as I said earlier, many and Many of you have probably already seen this. This mind map, right? The link is right here. When you have access to that a you will see this content A mind map is basically the most... famous there in the John Benson structure People here usually share the The problem is that you're trying to make a copy. and following this mind map Here you only have the structure, right? Okay. Pattern interruption. But how do I... I do it, we have a pattern option at the time. of the great promise How do I do In this call for scarcity that I write Here, like, exactly that, right? So that... We're going to try to do it here today. to delve deeper into each of these topics and to show in a practical way how they They were made exactly in a PSL, right? more about SL and one's own blessing placed with the support material So, from his course, we're going to do... We're going to take this skeleton... Christmas and try to delve deeper into each one. from these points and we'll keep going. In parallel, we're doing our thing. Comments are in accordance with our experience according to the RMBC method Okay, let's go then. first part the MBC the first part a We talk to the leader and see if she... If we didn't come, we'd talk more, right, people with disabilities? Try Snap suggestion first. any structure of the rmbc is first of all here Remember that none of this is a recipe. "Cake" is as Stephanie herself says. This course on NBC is a... it's a... it's a... suggested structure but does not mean that you have to use in a way This rigid structure does not mean that if you remove any element, replace it. some element of place its copy and "It will collapse" is not a suggestion of structure. One suggestion is a structure that you... You'll see that it makes sense, right? It leads to another one that's there, but that's not it. It means that if you take some place one element inside another Your copy will not convert and You will have lost at your job, won't you? This is how a suggestion works. structure then the a the deal in the structure from the dispute according to NBC I begin identifying the problem after you That provokes something there, right? It's a great solution, isn't it? It is related to saving time and you provoke the prospect's money emotional story of discovery After You give the mechanism a little nudge. The only solution is what you provoke. this contrary nature of the mechanism It's bad, isn't it? It's the opposite of nature that serves. to give that idea that something New is something that has been discovered. So now, what about me? What's next? You don't know, and that's why you use more fascination. It's not that banks are curious. To increase the Raid there, what are you going to do? introduce And then you recognize the Skepticism, right? Because when you put The fascination if you increase the radius he, you're saying it's natural that the The reader might be skeptical, right? You think? Wait a minute, damn it! That sounds too good to be true. to be true then you acknowledge the skepticism there It uses an element of credibility, right? show your credentials as credentials there of your method why that he should believe what you're saying. Speaking gives you a higher quality in reader there for those who are not And then you come in with testimonials. Regarding the transformation, right? For now. These are not yet testimonies about his method and when are testimonies about about the transformation that the person It passed and in Dean Benson's structure it is This here follows exactly what he He proposes it in his course, right? You start with... a pattern break triggers the capture of A person's attention makes a big difference. The promise creates a scarcity there. presentation for your video you said that he is about to discover something completely new and then you propose one This proposed agreement is for that person continue watching the We're going to see here that this... John Benson's method works very well. in the opening loop, right? He's going to go very far. creating looks there in each one of of the topics, practically, and it goes on and on. calling the person to stay in The video promises to show something and So, stay here with me for In the next 3 minutes you will see such such and such, and he keeps doing it, it was kind of... pushing there to see if He does it, I think there's a group of people who want it. enter the room I don't know if you accepted, are you okay? Showing up there for you to see up there. There must still be something related. to one Accepting pop-up card and there are already 96 participants. If I don't You're mistaken, you live here, I just finished, the guys were... to enter primary schools (EB1) The beauty is amazing, just minimize it here. the video Okay, so let's go over here now. top with the top of the Snap suggestion and then That concludes this part of sort of content of comments about home a People jump in here to watch SL and see how it was made right there in the example of João, I'm thinking we could exchange a little something. the idea about this part moves on to Next, then, pattern break capture. My focus is on breaking the pattern. The first thing that a BNDS person is... person who, when their ad fell into PSL has a pattern break. What are the... João's suggestions, blessing, looks like cream of By default, you can give some warning of alert any message about material controversial may put a count regressive, isn't it common to see SL with the It's the beginning, right? the countdown from 321 can add an animation random objects that will have a connection With history, right? Sometimes some object. which at first appears to be something completely random but then you can connect this object with the So, that's the story, right? So you open at noon. That look there, out of curiosity, is an object. that represents your primary desire next day And then this pattern break happened. to capture attention, the capture of Pay attention to the angle of entry, right? He gave that first shock right there in his Next, I had the same, he knew the angle. Entry point: How will you begin? talk to how you're going to open yours Your presentation is not for you. Next, you can ask a question. Can you share any news? a shocking story, a prediction, is a urgent alert something controversial something somewhat conspiratorial etc. considerable in this word and Here I took a screenshot of this material. that I even I posted it on my Stories last week. last night when she opened a small box of If I'm not mistaken, the question is here: 12 12 years for ads or Redline is two ideas on how you're going to open this I'm having a conversation with your pros and I asked them to take it off. This is the source of Evaldo's cupcake is now in the module. 24 He talks about those lakes, I took it out. So that content from there stays here. Your list is for you guys, right? But there's nothing new. Ask an intriguing question, tell a story. personal history that was expectations I promise final results of a warning or issue an urgent alert pass a forecast position as something new quick and easy something controversial increase Curiosity: Use evidence for social purposes. Finally, these are angles, these are ideas of There's an opening there for you to use in your VSL. there, your first line of VSL, you... conversation There's room for great promise, right? He caught the guy's attention and he's going to do it. a big promise, for example, you will discover the real reason that is you distancing yourself from your own desires, or you will discover the fastest way to achieve your desire The objective of your promise is to encourage The person continues watching, so she You need a Claro benefit for continue with you say two or three benefits related to this promise And tell me how this will relieve some pain. to satisfy the desire of others and Remember, your Tom here in the VS era... a super presentation is from a super content, not sales, that's what I agree with too. I'm just asking you to go to him here. Just a minute, I'll lose it, I'll lose it. line of reasoning I'm getting everyone right, okay then? We'll see that too, that's it. One thing that became clear to me was that... The way João Benção explains this. His method is something that really has a a content ride is really a ride of presentation, right? The way he... He'll give you hints there about how to... he will relating to whoever is watching Then I felt that in the end it all comes down to this. Perhaps it's a slightly more... a little closer to the next one than the structure of the RMBC is obvious here We're also talking about skill. from Cop Rider to build this dialogue But I felt that in Dean's method. Benson, and it's something that has a pretty good ride. that's a presentation thing, and one thing well-grounded more in curiosity and such, but in the ministry and it takes the person along. more than because of that tone Hi, and then after doing this big thing... If you make a promise, you create a scarcity, right? gives a plausible reason for the person watch now and then you speak there, right? You need to watch this presentation. before it goes off the air or I don't know How long will this presentation last? to become available is the Government is trying to censor this presentation Big business people are after me. This has become a bit of a cliché by now. right, sometimes we see people sometimes abusing those same enemies Well, depending on the market, it seems that... The enemy is always the same, but creates this... scarcity And then you reveal something new that Do you want to make the next person here feel...? who is about to discover something Completely new, right? Who remembers... right, and that's it, it's good to have, there are a huge thousand. Easy, Safe, And New, easy, safe, and great. These are the... four main emotions there that you wants to communicate in the subtext of your That's what you talk about at the World Cup and You want to give the feeling that something New is something easy, it's something safe, and something a big one that has potential is a great one. transformation potential Or you can say that the next one is... You are about to discover something. completely new and the goal is to put a flea behind the ear of Next, he had to pique his curiosity. Sense of Discovery How do you do that? You can put there you might even think you've already tried to everything, but I can guarantee you that you You've never seen anything like it, you're going to... Discover in this presentation: You never have you seen this before and if you are about to Finding out will shock you. And then you propose a deal, right? looking for something for the next person People are continuing to watch, it continues. there in his presentation after increase the radio volume of your presentation. promising a major transformation benefits relief of major pain conversations you kind of have like this permission to propose an agreement so that Your next person should watch until the end. you speak there in the I did until the end I I guarantee you will achieve that. And you're with the other people here, look. Okay, then watch until the end, I guarantee it. what you're going to achieve there is to do a... The grand promise promises to eliminate one very hard then bring him closer to a I have a great desire to make us can satisfy a great desire and you reinforces the great promise and asks for That makes him accept this deal, doesn't it? Mentally, right? We're agreed, you? He wants him to say no in his head. We're agreed, let's proceed. Ah, it doesn't matter if the content of your The presentation is the most incredible. If you not connecting with your pain there next time if you don't make sure They feel understood, they never They will buy from you that a situation of John Benson is in his content then. Let's go here to see SL from Uma herself. Blessings, let's see what they were. his suggestions for writing this The first part is how he wrote it. So in practice, once again, Those who have joined now are only to ask for that apology, right, for The material is a little off in some parts. a little unformatted because we You have to do a translation. automatic here because the big one, right? 450 slides, there wouldn't be time to translate them all. Everything was done manually, so we picked it up. This material, which is English, Original here from João, blessings to us. translate it into Portuguese in some Few slides. Broke the good ones, but... If anything happens, we can just come back here. in the original and see the original that gives For us to follow the rules correctly, take it as if He starts like this: "He does it like this, he has a..." The default option is here in this case, look. the way he starts, he starts with This image, right? Like we talked about earlier... In the content section, he uses an image. kind of random that has nothing to do with E Then he kind of promises. He does a parallel between this somewhat nothing image to see with the great promise the leader of His introduction, then he begins: Hi, I I'm John and in a few minutes you will discover how this jacket helped me to If we lose, we'll have to use the slide. original And then the jacket helped me lose. More than 80 pounds in just 50 days, right? 80 pounds would give what 80 pounds In about 40 kilos, that's about it. Okay, so he connects the jacket with... with this, with this, this fact there that is related to the desire of the next person. There he It's becoming a big promise, right? Watch it. watch this short video until the end to Discover the three fastest ways. to lose that unwanted weight without hunger and definitely without ever having to sacrifice eating their food favorites, right? The big promise here is... as if it were his friend there on the day campaign, right? That's what he wants. to hammer the next person's head and that's it which will set the tone for the entire TSE Watch this short video until the end. to discover the three foods supposedly healthy that you You absolutely must avoid losing that unwanted weight, how are we going to... see further ahead in the structure of and it He uses these three tips, right? He promises to deliver three valuable tips. related to pain and desire Next, then here he's kind of like... opening up that look isn't for those three foods that are supposedly healthy, he's leaving that open information for to build there the interest, the desire of right, increase the person's curiosity. who is watching and the three elements supposedly healthy things you should avoid lose that desired weight and it enters In times of scarcity, it's merely a fair warning, not... I don't know how long this video will last. I'm going online, I'm giving too much of It's funny, right? I'm giving you a lot here and... Information and weight loss, right? difficult weight loss information I might end up doing this if I find out. presentation paid presentation So Look, he opens up, and that desire, he opens up. This loop already introduces scarcity, that's for to make the person stay there when the person are you curious about a topic when You open a loop in the person's head. then she wants to know more about it. and she tends to stay there with you and then he puts those cases exactly for learn the person to To hook that person into the VSL, right? which, in the end, is what it's all about. dealing with a dispute means you increase the radius. throwing promises there, showing the transformations and hooking the person into to continue there, you know, you kind of... Put pressure on that at the beginning. to increase the person's desire and then Then, you know, you made the person and it kind of goes away. because you'd only find out by bringing her here, right? Who has... hurry or who already knows how it is that and Okay, so watch it now while you still can. It's online and it's still free there. enter here in the something part Completely different, right? He has to... to show that the presentation has something something completely new completely different for each person because because if the The person enters the presentation and they have That feeling of air... I've seen that before. Before that, I already know what he's going to do. She speaks, then leaves again. New is Safe. And it's new, right? She has to have the idea, you. It has to give the impression that he is something. completely new that the person has never He saw nowhere else and it's only going to be possible to see within your presentation And then he's going to get into that part now. something you might think you've already seen or heard. of everything so that it is not a matter of loss of weight, however, I can guarantee that You've never seen these weight loss tips before. weight little known is that is completely different, it's nothing like the popular diet books you may be seen or even already tried then Prepare to be shocked by what I I'll reveal it to you today and then he does it. The transition here goes to Let's do a Okay, so you'll stay here with me, right? and remember that I am Sharing will ultimately allow that you lose weight without harming your lifestyle And then I'll give some of my best. Secrets, huh? I'm going to give you some here. My secrets are the tips, right? What? He'll give it to him in the end, just like I said. It's like it's super content, right? one has a slightly more substantive tone. But the presentation is to give you my... best weight loss secrets for make sure that you will continue to lose all the weight you want shape fast, painless and in a unique way which is really fun to do He could have spoken here, right? Even in He's here in this part, he even... I could have said it's short hair, right? in this content material that I ended up to pass him he he makes a deal with the person, right? He could have spoken for For example, we're agreed. You stay here. something along those lines with me, right? ask a question along those lines to ask the person agree mentally First of all, I need to tell him one I need to tell you a story. It's a story I'm very much interested in. embarrassed to share, however However, it's a story that you You absolutely need to listen because It will reveal more about how you too. You can lose weight more than anything else. As far as I know, he does it here, we are According to what it is, obviously, right? The production... Sometimes it doesn't work. Exactly, it is the a That way, it doesn't work, it's not the same. It's sensitive, but we can manage. understanding that on that day he spoke Okay, so this is John's. Benson, right? You can see that it's shorter. She doesn't have such a development. Robust, a leader of RBC, right? Like us. saw here What is this initial contact? shorter, a little more superficial than that with rmb c u r n b c d will give you more Details, right? He had them. He gets into more. he loves it, it gets worse, doesn't it? It goes through increasing. But the lightning bolt, in the end, because... I'll give you more information. controversial for the solution afterwards Put up some interesting banners there. testimony, the element, and credibility. while the creation of a blessing is something a little more superficial The bread comes after the elites, John Thinks. We're switching to digital connection now. That's the time I pass the ball over there to you guys from Paulo, we'll do it. Can you answer any questions I have about this? Part of the team will make some further comment. before we move on to the second part part that part of the story if if you want to ask a question Put it in the chat then raise your hand People reminding you to call. to make a comment, whether because the Gabriel is presenting now, not PSL. And at the same time that you already see in at some point, whether Gabriel is speaking or Tell me today about another video. related to the relief of mbc3 if any question there might raise the then I read here that they asked if underlining is allowed, right? Yes, the highlights are original. The originals were made by the author himself. a blessing, and we can even comment on it. He also has something to say about that. And he has an interesting perspective on... about what words he was talking about, right? I It was on my mind, I didn't quite understand it. question of the excited set by trans if you can detail the tips few words And I lost the messages here, how come... I'm very stupid, he has it underneath, he has it. Closed today, it's always been friendship. Ana appeared below or to the right. if you want, if she doesn't get up badly then People, take Gabriel apart, I'll tell you, we Let's do the following, whoever wants to I think it's possible to raise the question. Okay, let's put some there, I don't know. three or four questions in each one During these pauses, we'll ask the questions. But try asking the questions live. because then it's recorded afterwards and it stays there. better for those who watch recorded videos because when we're here in the chat we have to Reading, right? It won't just appear. And then I can kill you. belly Too bad... Right next to where she part in something related type it Hey Good afternoon neighbors, here are some athletes. from the network Elsa and Dani want space and to achieve it. really a higher level of consciousness level credibility they use there for It starts, some have already passed. Others are recent in the data and others They are forced into division, I believe in the era. an improvement in what she asks about See if it supports any media. or that specific one Gabriel can answer first, which is I respect my answer very much, but respect me Dude, I apologized, I lost half. from the question here that my connection gave that unstable connection message until I want to ask you if during the Did the presentation go well, or was it cut off? because that thing working from time to time when the stable connection message Half of her question sounded robotic. I didn't get the whole question. She asked if this question of already seen Nathaniel is really talking about this vision of person who is watching the video by first time a video sales a video is In this case, she doesn't know that she's seeing it there. if this type of Lydia from the new SL of a A billion would be SN, it would work well for a person who at that level is a little more excited a little more 7 with a little more frustrated after having already tried other things and there's no result from that I I ask, could I give my opinion? firstly because mine is more is more perfect Steel is more suspect. I think the impression I have is The feeling I have is that when I I wrote this VSL using the structure I didn't have a good day. results, but it was an attempt, it was a The product I ran using it is... It wouldn't be fair or honest of me. part and say that I have the biggest of experiences with running this bsn But I I felt that when I turned around, she sinned. It was precisely because of that tone of hers that she said something is unscientific, something But in the camaraderie there, you know that he He promises you, he gives you the tips. Finally, that's his way of approaching it. this initial contact and take the story right, when are we going to have more for front in that part of the problem he the way he teaches us to go to I'm not kind of into the content conspiracy then it becomes something very Believe what I'm telling you. I understand, perhaps it's not well-founded, I think. which is a very positive point for the RMBC on that side because it kind of... Alice is breaking down the objections. You follow the structure, it kind of goes... breaking down these objections of a person who may be more skeptical of a person which may be more I was aware there about the problem. I felt it. comparing my results comparing my retention metrics and finally doing an analysis there after that that I used both structures I think that this structure of John The blessing is flawed in the part about offering. evidence to give some more arguments there forceful, knows some and of course more Black and white as the structure of rnpc she takes you down a path but but But in that sense, what do you think, Paulão? This perspective is somewhat more in response to... Your question: Saturday is the set that I I'm almost certain I wouldn't get in. I didn't make a fuss with that kind of thing. of the deal and I made that comment one a little more than an ISO is putting a vision The temporal aspect of the proposition was a completely random information I I think it's information that you you can then carry it to the end of our meeting today because it involves this vision in my perception It comes down to this issue of people they will be more exposed as time goes by, advertisements and if one had LC it is not The glasses, right, without the person knowing when they come in? that has a sale but at the same time You can see, right, that it's the same? Someone commented here in the chat, it was LG Pink. I don't know his name, he commented. That João is just... it only has that vibe of NLP, and I've said this a few times already, and you... Do you really realize that you only have this vision? more than instigating a person who wants to do it you continue rather than necessarily propose arguments that the person can see and Make [ __ ] sense, it makes sense, I to continue because of that, to decide, but which in the case of Lydia and Stephanie of more in this vision of what I I'll show you more fundamentals along the way. from coppe rather than the fight be well then I don't want to expose everything. My perceptions, look here at the beginning. It's not for sending good advice. That's why I'm thinking of warning someone. a little suspicious, but it's a little this is the Vitor asked something here too. Some people asked if you're going make available does not sign to make available what the values Swimming, they think grandpa, let's stop... presenting oneself as open does not leave that If there are things to do for me, we'll leave them aside. open it. Put it on YouTube. provides materials I had for Everyone knows there's a way to approach it, right? Julia, how do you approach certain points? from the Leader of a blessing within the Stephanie's structure That's just how the guy is, right? You asked, did you have... how to approach some points of the Leader is smooth of a blessing within the structure Stephanie Hi, in my view of my vision everything that is inside the structure of Stephanie's structure is a blessing. In a slightly different way, okay, but... arrest of the litigation here then question of To get attention, you see, Stephanie gives to do that first one there. More or less, oh, I'm thinking about the uncle's blessing issue. a little more programming neurolinguistics of me making the person to stay in the Cup and in that way but to At the same time, I don't see anything here that Have it at João Benson that you don't manage to at least one word fit within the view the magnificent cloth I spoke funk And Allah, since I'm about to take it apart, there you go. I just wanted to answer quickly, they asked which one. niche the rodeo I'm not going to tell you the trash, I'll tell you, market I spoke in the health market and well-being left Hey Alan It's not raining here, it's not raining. Hi, hello, now we just need to reach excellent. My questions are: Which is the best? structure according to levels of market awareness: how to work videos of social proof testimonials in the Lides of these structures and how to generate Emotional evidence and benefits throughout from the PSL, thank you. [__ ] face Let me make my comments, Paulo. likes to delve deeper into these conversations but deep Regarding level of consciousness, right? What is it? People just commented here, it's not for for the most skeptical feet in markets more sophisticated I can't believe that for the big markets there, for example Weight loss, man, I think it's very difficult. you can to capture someone's attention you managing to spark interest is one of a Imagine a copy being made and running it to... weight loss using Lídio from NBC and one using John Benson's lead Naturally, this market, right? The big one. The majority of the population in this market are people who are already skeptical that already They tried other solutions that have already been They were frustrated by what they already know and are already informing. You are familiar with the methods available there, right? Especially if you're already talking. ultimately, information products... walking towards our party is something Regarding information products, I think very... It's difficult for that person, isn't it? In my view, it represents A The vast majority of the market, right? Because the The market renews itself, people have people, one with higher levels of consciousness and with lower levels of consciousness and In all markets, the question is for whom? You want to speak, you're writing yours. campaign for which of these levels for Which of these audiences are you talking about? for more conscious audiences more sophisticated audiences, right? I think. It's difficult that this structure of John Benson It works, and I've already forgotten the others. questions Sign up here for the last chat. take the initiative, how to work with video testimony of social proof in Lídia of the structures you work with in the vision of before and after having access to the metro GT access to those in the case of John Blessings to him, he commented with more than he not so specific also put here but at the same time if you think about Stefan's prison structure, you bring in this view of having access to the method of access to the mechanism I Stephanie pulls very much and even a vision of the Brown cut that It's another guy that we're not... Bringing it here, but it would be possible to talk about... He also brings a little of it. This vision of handle it like the elevator bit of the bit unique mechanism then Everything Spinning in The unique mechanism returns, like a heart. Central, how to put it, is you. Show testimonials of good things. And how? they are after having access to unique mechanism What transformation They had it then, it's a little bit... This is your first one, even second one, how to generate it. From PSL you can do this and several others. forms of evidence. Yesterday I had a meeting. Live with 42 types of powder, I even spoke well. more than what's there in which year the highlight It's up to the artist. So yesterday I didn't talk about 42 types of specifically, evidence of benefits is Basically, it's that perspective of you pointing. basically a statement or a characteristic of what you are presenting and bringing the Beauty type what does this mean for my life and you can enter these three types of a functional benefit of missionaries And the emotional aspect is therefore a gift. characteristic, right? It's a 600-watt PA. Flávia, the benefit is functional, the hole in wall benefit Dimensional ability to hang a picture on the wall The emotional benefit is sitting in the room. all that's left is to talk to his wife about that. what stage of marriage are you two in? all the lovers Pocotó So you can bring this about in a different way to present the benefit and you can to do this or sometimes even in this The structure of the cop board is therefore another a different situation that also does not We're talking here, but at the same time You get this big copyboy, you have to They're opening a specialized store now that they have a lot of... this view of objection assertion three evidence in the benefit. So all the copying process, copying an end The execution goes through this little pairing. He is above all objections from you. organelles fit together at the same time. How are you talking about the ENEM exam? time well in mind. This vision of the cop. Empiricus board, I don't know if you He did a field run, this one's a little... thinking about this vision, which is the The cop staff who passed by then didn't want to. So what is the best structure according to... with the level and with the science in the market I think the guys already said it, I think. if he yields, he brings more foundations to The person believes that's what you are. mainly talking about that video Behind a new hope, a person is... She needs to bring three [of the entire asphalt road]. new situations, curiosity, and bringing the vision of a new hope if the Someone like Gabriel talking with this if the person thinks they've already seen that information is somewhere, it comes out, it was just like she puts it inside the little box in her orange-type head warned before Ah, that's it, that's day trading, that's it. Okay, we're doing this, that's it. Hit the rope on the big one that she's there I already said that you put that thing there, do you think? Who knows that information if you don't It is generating new hope for her. And Gabriel said that people weight loss have already tried to lose weight In some ways, the management is a bit skeptical. So, a little bit on the issue that is just for We told you that you need to give a new one. hope for a person, I don't know if it's just that it's the very beginning there, of the life of John Blessing. And then I'll tell you the three no's. I know what will make you have Some things to wish for, I don't know if that's all there is. Enough today, today's market is... That's what I said, so that too. 2006/7 something In that style, really me I believe Gabriel spoke and said about the PEC. which somewhat captures this view of is to bring new hope to the person for the slightly more skeptical market, the history I fell, but I'm not going to keep talking about it. And that's the last comment, and about that... part of the benefits, I don't know if you if you had access to Restart copyright They insist on the mixila, he shows how he build his attribute table and Benefits, right? It gives you the idea... Create a spreadsheet right there in the first place. column of the spreadsheet You put there the creamy and you do a brainstorm there of all the facts about your product the facts about your delivery regarding the that you're delivering, for example, if I I was going to do this for the cop community. classics, right? What are the attributes? also what are the deliverables to community consequences and would place there which has the PDFs with the summaries of the books Do you have PDFs with summaries of the letters? classics have the most attached videos of The class has videos that are similar to... People are doing live videos now. I have the Telegram audios, anyway I would do it. there everyone attracts them. And then One of the facts about my product is that it's all good. you did there you open three columns in front, right? After the three columns are the Paulo's three levels of benefits He just said, right? The benefit is... plastic after the benefit dimensionalize side, right? And the benefit? emotional then for each of these Beauty attributes are a fact. What is the practical benefit of This fact is a practical benefit. Fabio's presence when the person is going through this practical benefit What does this represent in the life of any person, regardless of the extent of this benefit. in a person's life Oh, okay, so this The benefit works like this in everyday life. person and then the emotional benefit This is how it works in a person's life. what a person feels when she said What is the question about that benefit? this benefit represents for her the an emotional level, then you can do it. in a spreadsheet with this, it starts with your and by the facts about their deliverables And then for each of these attributes you dimensionally for the three levels of benefit, you understand, in the end. You have a table, that's what it's going to be. It's easy for you to see these benefits. with more depth and you will have That's cataloged, right? You can use the different situations I'm going to take Paulo apart without meaning to, I myself I moved but I couldn't go back, he's just... one responding then the last one to for We're going to play at the bar, that's it. Thiaguinho I don't know just one more if It feels like a flop, but it's the great promise of... João's blessing would be the mechanism of Stephanie doesn't send to the big promise. she's always basing it on the vision of benefits encourages and unique mechanism is connected to as You will deliver the benefit, not how. what does the person need to do for her to have the desired result then the The only mechanism will always be there. represented by the action of the thing so that what needs to be done and the John Benson's biggest promise is in The truth is, I had it there in the... The first slides talk about João's VSL. Do you think Gabriel said he said to month and you will know the three I don't know the that things for you not only that don't Keeping all three things will be worse. It's a mechanism, and I don't know what. I don't know what she is, it's the promise, you understand? So the line is the same as what Gabriel He said at that moment that it would be great. day-to-day at Coppe, that's it. divided into the first part as if it were mechanism and then related in And the promise. This reminds me of... Okay, but it would be possible if it's pretentious. then take a look at the recording there part if he's talking specifically of three things a person needs to do to to have the result understood And the result It was the transformation. These are the three tips, right? We'll see more later on. Three categories of tips, right? That's what... avoid what to do and how to do something Something like that are the three tips that They're kind of at the heart of the solution, right? These three tips will help you put together the fabric. fund for an offer, right? for an offer Dani, being cold isn't really for you. so that the person doesn't have to have everything. all the work of making those tips alone and then in the end He It offers something that will save you that. It's the person's job, but anyway, we'll... You'll see about that later on. You're laughing there, Paulo? It's not that I meant to. opening a wheelchair user in the history of this The question of what it was about is an encounter with 42 tests, then I joked, it's because the lady spray also that this is a little bit of the fun later make peace properly Looking, he resisted, always extra. We're not going to do it. Hey guys, follow the... Online games will be here until tomorrow. leaving then gives Snap suggestion that One day we'll go to Vital Connection that drawing a parallel here with RBC is the backstory, right? Back home store. Vital Connection So the back home store of the INPC is like The backstory begins there with Who am I? Introduce yourself. Hi, I am So-and-so, I do this, this, this, she moves. credibility tells a story emotional the account of failures, right? Traditional solutions are here, he's here. discrediting traditional solutions right, the next one is probably already tried. And then when there's an event... trigger event, right? When the person is already... Tired of failing. Is there any event? trigger the moment the Harley that does the People start searching for answers, right? when she, I don't know, sometimes gets there at at rock bottom something happens that it's easy to look at it from another angle situation and she begins the search for answers here in John Benson's section. Vital connection, it begins with a A modest introduction, right? So, notice that... He is introducing his character. right, in a modest way, because of a In a modest way, because that's how he wants it. to do that idea of ​​me to the fullest to communicate that idea as much as possible and I am like you were, I know them and I I've been in your shoes, so it starts with this modest introduction and then it goes into Nightmare story, right? Nightmare Store famous in the history of João Benson Hi, and then he moves on from the story of A nightmare that would be the emotional story of RBC is making the transition to the big one. problem in this nightmare story This leads to a major problem, and that A big problem will also end up there. in the discovery in the creation of a The solution is from the method, right? Then he says... briefly about the results that this The method he brought to him is for now. There's no sale, we're not talking about the product. She's talking about a discovery, right? talking about something new that you discovered by It was by chance that he was responsible, right, after There's a lot of suffering after going through this. a nightmare story that was responsible because it brings good results. Then he... Write a transition sentence there for to delve deeper into this issue of The problem is the larger problem that surrounds it. this problem of the next one where the the time he will enter the part of aspiration and I don't know what else Tom, this is the parallel line back here, two. So, a modest introduction, right? You say... about you, about your experience and credentials in a modest way and empathetic Before showing big results you want to show great Pains, right? I'm like you, man, I've been... In his place, right? That's the introduction. modest leads to a type of The presentation of the Expert is a person common that turned into a species in that matter out of necessity After so much Suffering, right? This is what's happening, it's the door. entry into the nightmare story that the story of suffering, then he will to show that this story of suffering All of that made him turn into a kind of In that matter, it was out of necessity. Which happens to be there? And then uses evidence or social evidence that humanizes the It makes your image tangible, right? Sometimes a before and after photos and stuff like that something along those lines to give a... humanized, right? And it gives a grounded in this idea of ​​ours, two feet out of necessity and the results Obviously, it takes on more structure in the story. Nightmare, right? Back home, store, the story. background of the inpc Nightmare story João bez, the structure of the story is the Next, he gives an overview, right? The subject needs a brief introduction, right? What was he doing where he was? how he was dressed and stuff, brother of The story's setting, and that's where he enters the... The bad part of the story, right? That's what happened. with me and then he gets into the very part That's bad, isn't it? It happened to me, but the worst... It's still to come, this happened, this That's it, right? And then he makes a statement of... Independence, right? That wasn't it? It needs to end, I've reached my limit and I arrived, it's not possible, it's not possible keep going like this Hey, so what happens after that statement? independence is like, it's like, the Phoenix rising from the ashes, right? The journey of liberation begins, moreover, until... There's no way around it now, it's a matter of Life or death, discover the solution for This problem is either I die trying, right? Fifty Cent's latest CD is already out. gastritis from the display case, more or less like this Such a nightmare story, the overview. then after presenting in a way Fashion: This is how you transition to... story So actually I'm going to tell you to tell a story about how such a thing It happened to me and how this event affected me. He made him reborn, placing him where I am. today or else, you tell me right away if you thinks she's already struggled to lose weight Wait until you hear my story, right? So I didn't used to be that person. what you're seeing today is Okay, so that's the general overview. there he makes the introduction and begins to give the context of your narrative, right? When was it? The day and time should be specific, right? the scene where the weather was such that You were dressed, you were with me. Where were you? How did you feel that day, etc. And then you get to the bad part, here you begins to create the first part of its A nightmare story leaving things worse. ...and then comes the ending, which is the really bad part. so here you were already in the state of identification, right? You want to generate a... The feeling of identification is something that Reflect the feelings of your neighbor. Things are going through a bad time here. It's also an emotional story, you wants to reflect these pains of their neighbor ti in your story is because at the end of Tell that story that you are Telling you the story isn't about you. but the person is about what that This person is going through their life story. in its figure at its point of as if it had happened to you That's not what will create empathy. That's not why it will create a connection; it's... Vital connection is what we tend to connecting with people in these moments of suffering during these moments It's dramatic, right? Look, for example, at what's... What's happening in the world today, right? In a war scenario, we're left alone. Look, if you're the empathetic pear, right? A more careful approach is basically Obviously, keeping all things in perspective, but It's basically in that sense that you have to think about your history You don't see if it creates that state of identification you want to reflect feeling of the next person that you can to say something like maybe you too He knows that feeling and knows that he is When it's time to change, right? And then you say there... you, me, always one last thing, no, me I knew I needed a change of a It's a snap, but I need something to happen. One last thing. And that's the catalyst event. It's that specific thing that will happen and will lead to the entire journey of rediscovery of the entire journey the journey towards the solution so this catalyst event part People get to the really bad part. And then... You give an introduction, right? Things already... Things weren't going well, and then that happened. That's what brought me down there, right? description of the catalyst event that the event changed his destiny forever. A catalyst is the event that precedes... that moment at High when the guys are going right to the bottom of the well and He flips the switch and starts to have more. eyes for a solution to what problem is when the Empire character thinks waits I need to sort this out here. you describe being inside in a way Emotionally focused and how you felt right This slide is duplicated. Let's go to... side So, some requirements, right? Here are some ideas and tricks for this. very bad part so you are telling your story. sad story Alice emotional story And then you can say, "And then this happened." And that's when I did it, it wasn't so much... My worst nightmares have become... In reality, you see, you make this transition. right around the time of the really bad part. You can describe the event there. A catalyst is not a moment, it's an action. one thing you did and what it brought a very big shame great embarrassment is something a little dirty, I'll even go so far as to feel painful. People admit it, right? And you talk like you... I felt lost, confused disappointed ashamed The great twist of the nightmare story is building a relationship empathy agreement with the pros to ask to do with that he feels that you know his pains and show that you've become an expert. out of necessity in that matter Hi, and now that you're finishing your part, very... The bad part of the story is that you get involved in it. The declaration of independence is a moment. Herod wants to know, I'll solve it. I'll do it now, even if I die trying. right? And she introduces herself to... That's a statement, right? So I made a promise. for myself or was it at that moment that I decided to change or I decided that I I'll never be like that again, I promised. myself to help all the people who were going through the same thing And then you do it, right? You're doing this... transition to statement decoration independence but here everyone clicks too, right state of grace then after the statement of independence and you embark on the journey moral, right? Now that you're getting into your... Life's mission, right? That's all that just happened. The stated message is that you become the hero. Reluctant is his journey to Grande discovery that will be responsible for delivering on your primary promise is that which you promised at the very beginning of TSE promises are only possible if They can only be delivered. Why do you... You've been through this journey, right? And then you... Tell me the result of your great journey and makes the transition to the big one. The problem you discovered, right? Here too. I included a quote to whom Paulo is Tired of hearing that? Who saw the... Caio's content calls me in the analyses. He always talks about that, right? The mechanism. delivers the promise mechanism delivers to The transformation mechanism employs the benefit After all this journey, you will... discover something that will be able to deliver what you promised back then It starts there, you're here, it's as if... had been teasing the mystery behind the mechanism he discovered a standard I discovered a secret I will share this with you now Okay, so just to give you some context here... because that part was significant in history. That's the nightmare story, it has several in various topics within it then People are still connected. Vital people did the modest introduction, we went through Nightmares, right? And now, still in... connection of such we will enter here in transition to the big problem ask when you say there that I discovered a pattern, I uncovered a secret. You're setting the scene, the backdrop. there to enter the transition to What a big problem you discovered! What pattern was that that made it great? The secret you just discovered is that you It will delve into this angle of the story. the transition to the big problem you It makes the transition to the big problem. Remembering the next you someone exactly like him but due to Destiny found a method, a formula. in the system that brought you results Remember, regardless of my success... Today I am no different from you. a person like many others ended up discovering x then you provoke about the solution It's funny that this part here in this one note this part here she she somehow it is included in The lead of the RMBC that we saw, right, which is in part right there in the middle of the work, right? Then I can even go back to the slide and I will Go back now so you don't miss it, but soon... The middle of the list is the story that goes through That's right, he said he does a... His great promise is revealed. problem, and that's the problem that he discovered it has a contrary nature, right? It has a nature unnatural and then he kind of causes this contrary nature in mechanism, then it does it there, then it puts it. the fascinates, right? Put up some banners. from curiosity to generate interest So that part, if you look at it, wait more or less at this point here from the Vital connection, right? So the transition was made. The big problem now is... to provoke a solution for you still you haven't arrived at the product reveal yet He's not talking about the Blind yet, is he? I heard Gary Halbert talk about this. when you sell the transformation you You sell, you sell in your copy. transformation and benefit but the person The person looking at you has no idea what What are you going to sell? She doesn't even have it. What exactly is your idea? Speaking of which, but you're selling over there. that transformation is selling the The benefit is selling the world. transformed into a guy but you even He didn't talk about the product, he didn't talk about... The method didn't tell me anything. What do you say about the benefits and success you achieved with you discovered it, right? Here I'm talking about the The benefit is success, it's not talking about The product is what you're hammering into the mind of close to those promises and benefits what did you do at the beginning of your VSL there inside your Cup Here you want to use affirmations of inclusion for your neighbor to feel and All of this works for him too, right? You see, this method allows people like we experienced such a thing and want to know the best thing that works for anyone etc. and then you talk about The results, right? That's how we... He just spoke, answering the question from Alan, regarding the testimonies, right? testimonials that we put first there in the RBC case are testimony Regarding the results, it's not talking about The product isn't talking about the method, I'm not. Speaking step-by-step on how to do it So, if the results are there, I'll go now. to share with you how this is that I I discovered it and it helped me lose 15kg in 3 days. months and has already helped several people to to lose more than 10,000 kg together A The big difference is that here you are Speaking of which, RMBC, these are testimonies. Other people are saying this for you, right? See this final part here of transition to the big problem and that provocation of the solution and the results They are waiting quite a while for the end of the dispute. from rnpc again, right? I already... I remember I said at the beginning, right, that a Copied the structure, it is a proposal. It's not a rigid thing and you Take something from one place and put it in another. You're doing badly. Obviously, run, run! risk that you are unaware that you're doing, for example, taking a testimony of a specific moment and putting it there at the moment, nothing to do with it, okay? This glass is going to end up a little crooked, right? It doesn't mean you can't either. to change the location of an element when giving the order. one thing or another Yes, but I also advise that you follow the structure a structure that has already been validated is taught like that, then the measure when you You learn more about your market when you gains more experience understands more about a deeper way to the roots of Copy it, there it is, great, you have it. this permission to make these changes good So then you talk about the results of the method And then you move on to the final sentence of transmission, right? Before I share the I need to show you the solution. What was the real problem? I thought that... The problem was X, which is that you put a belief of the neighbor he has about that It was his problem, but it wasn't a problem, it was something much bigger The blame for your failures is not yours, but now you have the chance to discover the the real cause of all this suffering and coming This is how you make the transition to talk about the problem Up to this point you haven't sold anything, you haven't even... He even mentioned the name of his product. work making your neighbor feel understood and before getting into the two doubts Here we'll see how this part went. mounted on the VSL here at once. Let's go. There, Vital Connection, a modest introduction, right? Now, I wasn't always an expert. in Fitness, neither slimming nor weight loss weight appearing on magazine covers helping People and everyone else trying to lose weight, see. He says it wasn't always like this and... At the same time, I said that it's not always the case. That's how it was; he's already putting elements here. It's not credible for him, right? I don't even... I've always been this kind of guy, the guy I am today. appears on the cover of a magazine that... Interviews everywhere, right? The beauty is that he does both things at once. at the same time and certainly not in the best way as I'm actually far from that today, right? In the best way I am today, that is to say Transformed avatar, he's talking to people who want to lose weight and he is Here, in his best form, like him. That's true today, far from it. It's true, I was obese. The image, right, as we saw there in... in the content I, João, well, this suggests you use... These images are meant to humanize it. comic book material there in that part of history And actually, I was obese, I'll tell you. I'll show you my photos later. first stop sharing a history, in other words, it's becoming part of history. I remember the nightmare here, the day when... I decided that was enough, I'm going I'm sharing this story with you. even if it's really embarrassing now You can't see the feeling of shame there, can you? the feeling of something difficult for Opening up is difficult for me, but it's hard to tell this. History is difficult for you, a separate story. The hardest thing in my life is this feeling. That's what creates empathy, that's what creates connection. if you need to know how to bottom in the burrow I went from the rabbit Before discovering the things that I will share with you Today, the strategy that allows me to live This life I'm living now is incredible. I remember it was late one night of Tuesday with my friend Steve and I We were leaving the office. very cold, you know? This here is the The part he's doing is what he's assembling. the story's setting being specific Tuesday was cold, I was with my friend, right? And the reason why I... I remember that it will really be Clara in Just a moment, see, he'll open it up. looks, right? I was still outside, I walked around outside and arrived at halfway to my car, I realized that I left my coat at the office, it was cold enough for me to notice It was cold, but then it passed through My head is cold and I feel bad. Is it because I'm so cold? I felt that way, that's what I felt. that's it After all, I was isolated because I... fat, huh? So you're ugly fat, I already... It had been a very difficult day, now I I caught myself thinking, wow, I already feel great. tired and not just seven or 7:00, right? 19 hours In other words, let him go, he will go. Putting it here is a story like, as if even if it were the story of the obese person itself right, how many people obese women who will hear this and will... identify in that part when he speaks It could still not be finished yet, there are still seven. I'm already feeling exhausted by now. I'm feeling low on energy, right? Yes, me too. I felt very bad, as I always have, but That day was awful knowing that I I had my own isolation, which made me I really feel like trash, you know? In this case, isolation is the cover of His fat, right? in that case, then, given the way things are going a story that he was feeling a little It was cold that day, it was cold outside, he I knew it was free and that cover of He wasn't feeling that cold because he was fat. so he feels like trash then I I didn't want to go get my coat there. I just got in the car and I said I had to take it to the store. closest convenience I need some names That's how I was going to take my medication, that's how. That I was going to look for my frustration, right? swallow some owners owners Okay, so these guys were driving. to clean a convenience store It's raining so the car is kind of... sliding all the way and another A dark thought passed through my mind. head I really don't care if I dying, man, you're in a bad mood. I know that's what happened. Something obscure, but you deserve to know. I don't need to say this to know which one. My depression was truly profound. related to my weight We passed by a corner not too far away. from the convenience store and there are not two Prostitutes on the corner, I could say. looking at them, they probably They were addicted to crack, I am being Funny guy. When I say that, I thought... Even with myself, I'm addicted to a type Unlike crack, damn it, I am addicted to sugar sugar was like my crack on to complete you sold yourself Hi, everything started thinking, I sell myself, I I became a blind food addict. as soon as you hear me without food and that this self-hatred in this self-deprecation This is what it became, and things were... Things are about to get much worse here, look! entrance to a very bad part in this already The bad part was him looking at him all the time. that situation and feeling bad here he is about to enter the sentence in It's a really bad phase, I went into the store of Convenient. I grabbed my two boxes. approximately two dollars for a snack. approximately a late-night snack For me, in my life, I didn't understand. That's exactly what he wanted here, and I went. I went to the checkout counter pay when I realized I had left it my wallet at the office Who knows, maybe in my coat and his wallet was in his jacket in a In a fraction of a second I decided to do something. something I never ever thought I would be I stole that dollar and I use it to hide it. in my jeans. So look, right, the star of... Dude, you compared sugar addiction to... crack and the guy is actually acting like one. crackhead here in the face of the robot package of I own it, I hid it in my jeans and employees didn't even look twice at me because my pants were so They were large and wide, so it was easy to ship. the boxes went straight into my jeans and hold them against my face like that when I leave the store And notice the load, right? The load, like it... She said it was kind of self-deprecating, right? Oh, The suffering that's there... It's implied in that. in this story and put the shame there once again, as was mentioned there in Some of the content is not shameful. frustration anger Finally, it's the emotions, right? A message. Here in the attic, shame and with the feeling In utter despair, I devoured half. from the box during the return trip to home then I guarantee you when I I say that my bottom has hit rock bottom. the well was beyond low, however You know what Bruno is, however you want Knowing that day made my life The whole thing changed, or rather, here was the Trigger event: No, he just told me. The trigger event, right? What will happen? Tom for discovery Hi, and he's going to do that from now on. He hit rock bottom and said no. Wait a minute. You know what? Now I... I need to change when he turns around. The key will somehow go, he'll go now. get out of this, this path, of all this suffering and goes on a path of discovery It's because on that day I declared war. I swore against my fat that I I would read all the books and research, and he is... search in all rocks If necessary to break my addiction to sugar and lose my excess weight I I would do that, I would die trying, it's the good one. This news is for you. Not only discover How to lose weight and Keep it out of me, but I also I discovered how to take advantage of my owners in Owners, right? In other words, he figured out the way. to continue with fewer owners of it and lose weight permanently and I I will share my discovery with In just a moment, you can have one more An open space isn't for Dad, I'll share it. Right now I'm going to share a I'll tell you in two minutes. He always understood that he was kind of 500 in The climate there... no, no should when he talks about benefits regarding things that are of interest And the reader wants to know the answer. Play it forward. I'll tell you, I'll tell you. I'll tell you, I'll tell you, and then he'll go there. Using ADSL, then continue watching. Oh there He uses it a lot here too. And then he makes the transition to the big one. The problem is kissing. That's not why I... I added that breather to the content. Think about it, everything here was just the part of the... It's a nightmare story, we're still in it. Vital connection, we go through the history of Nightmare, now we're going into transition. So, regarding the big problem, how do you... You can clearly see I am not one Amazing, a super stud! The internet is wonderful, I am very... There's only one person like you. ordinary person who happened to go through hell. right, once again, remembering that he is a person exactly like the next one and because of my experience with all this pain that I saw a plan system that finally allowing people like you and me Feel it as if it were Wonders. Cool genetics, that's the phrase. to feel like you were a genetic marvel and jumping there to lose kilos as if we have metabolisms Like hummingbirds, that's a cool analogy. Priscilla's standard is now so powerful that It turned me into one of those people You know the person everyone thinks is just naturally thin. That's João. Damn, Bessa is ripped! I didn't know that. That's not how it was It's the person who wonders, "Is he...?" naturally slim But they hardly know, obviously. a new way, something new from Palmer and Where can I enjoy my meals? My favorites are pizza, ice cream, and hamburgers. It changed my whole life and I'm going to cover it. all the details in just a few minutes with you. So continue. watching is first and foremost you absolutely First, I need to tell you absolutely the truth you have to know about The real problem is the true reason why Which weight are you struggling with today? And this will surprise you because the only something that is preventing you from to achieve, we get the EA body The energy of your dreams is the reason why. how many people like us don't They managed to lose weight for years, right? This will take us to the Conspiracy section. It is the reason, it is the motive, for the fact that we We can't lose weight and now I I discovered it and I'm going to share it with you. Then he'll come in here in the next step. It will delve deeper into the big problem. Okay, so that's it folks, part two. That's what a digital connection is like. questions comments José upload comment if you want to raise your hand only when your hand is raised I think that the other time they fall in love again is if If you want to raise your hand, go to Having a father in audio, João's blessing. It works well to show the yes by colonizing the John, if he has his roots, it's from Neurolinguistic programming: how you He understands very well how he enjoys himself. five senses pass the vision of see Listen, and the more you realize how he is. always entering into this vision of continuing watching, wanting to incite the person to commit to continue watching Cup and at the same time there is another this issue of personal reticence to comment here in the chat, really at this point of showing that there is still information forward then reticence enters into this a little more. In this aspect, there are people here. finding it forced, what is it and does it seem? that at the same time Victor raise his hand if you can get the theme to load São Paulo is managing to get to Lisbon. Thomas OK, so it's because he has a There's a doubt that this is more of an intention of mine. Do you really think that's a copy of John? I kiss her, she works best for filling the More emotional elements make for a bigger story. What is both the smaller rational blocks and what is the meaning of both? These are the two main things I always do. I had this idea that João should bless more focused on history and the RBMC more focused in rational terms, for example, at the beginning of To make money today, you have to show... For that person, what is that thing over there? It works, it's not a scam, etc., among other things. National part as a mobile phone niche anxiety insomnia You could do so much more Selling the emotional aspect of a story bigger when it really happened, I thought it had this type of difference I think the guy I don't think it's because Stefan's root is health. Stefan, most things What he wrote is about the RBC health structure. She was theoretically born for health there. it was born with a midday aspect in four sweaty but at the same time the great Its root is health, so health brings also the emotional elements and to Yes, you can fit it in by doing it well. done by fitting it there in those mineblox from the background history of RBC you It is possible to delve a little deeper. in this view of That's too much emotion for you to handle. On that side, you don't fall short. Theoretically nothing related to the a the way this connects one thing that It catches my attention a little and in that view of the staircase as if it had a bandage Present this and even ask here will the expert himself, and he is the one who Entering this market recognizes the product. Regarding health, I don't know if that was the first, but he sold a lot because of that. There's a photo there, and at the same time you realize... that the vision a structure of John's blessing she has a vision of transformed water So stop here. This isn't the only way. Writing isn't the only way for you to... You are the narrator, you are the voice of The Cup says various ways of you writing that you don't necessarily It needs to bring that Avatar vision into play. transformed, you saw a lot of copy American, mainly from the staff there Golden Rico, for example, is everything. focused on the expert's perspective if there is a lack In the big Doctor, for example, you don't It will necessarily involve taking a position. this is the correct way to start Transformation is structurally obvious if if you want to get a better view This emotional level... How do you even manage to... like water, even an excuse, even like an ex earth but the language of an expert A true expert, a Doctor, 40 years old, not a pushover. the language has been transformed somewhat You don't necessarily have to be different. wanting to position oneself in the car's line of sight in this type of positioning in a something that I think and at the same time It seems that the blessing did not leave. This clearly applies to PS Now. This view is available. following this part in my view and I don't remember if Stefan Which one within NBC, this part of history connection that's all else is me I see it as a bit broader than just... This part of the connection is vital for me. Coppe, she enters as a part of origin and within the origin you can fit strongly if you are a story emotional, but it's that historical perspective. Emotional meaning is this, and origin meaning is this. here origin is type is the vision of Contains is contained of try series of interior mathematics of Punta inside the other then you show origin of how you discovered the This part of the information is in my view. In terms of history, it's based on that, and João It is well highlighted in the vision of doing this by He doesn't say that, he enters. in this plant do it like a emotional story but you have others ways of doing it, just like the RDC does. This too, and in a minimal way. It's different when he raises that issue. solutions to failure and things that you There's a reason why several times before I just wants to learn English for a short time If something doesn't work, try something else. If something doesn't work, try a third time. Things don't work out until the... The moment when the two structures have that moment there, of declaration of independence and that's why something happens there catalyst incidents in front of a story that alongside time I I I I'm really going to chase after the last one. The solution is basically the two structures. I just think that the vision of the new SL is You see some copies of John Benson, right? It appears somewhat unexpectedly, there's something which I find very weak of you position this in the copy of type ah miraculously I found the solution to coconut, you lose in my sight, you It loses strength when you enter through that. Hurry, communication line, and what I I really like this part, especially. at the end of the backstory here RDC is because you usually find The mentor is there, and it's very much based on that vision. of the Hero's Journey, something like that. They found a purpose that went beyond the mentor's. He's going to show what the problem is, and he will. I'll show you how they live. No. this vision of miraculously not giving one still has some of that perception. I think it's interesting for us to comment. between these two the structure but at the same time if you If you want to go, I'll respond emotionally, it's not... It's bad if you can catch it or try, right? Stop grated, click well, that's all They all strongly follow RBC. mainly nationals, that's the one, right? It's the last one that's destroying sales. It might even hit my prediction. It might even hit a 9 in transition, but It's a bit like that option. Do you want to comment? Thank you. Oh no, man, nothing closed. and you can continue from here, but something wrong last question And if anyone wants to, raise your hand. Ah, okay then, folks, we'll go in. in the part of the big problem And the pizzeria is basically doing a The word is a unique mechanism for solving the problem. MBC has a big problem here. nausea The unique mechanism of the problem in RNPC is explain to him the real cause of the problem. Someone said something in the chat and left Just look so that nothing is left behind. and send it to me, it doesn't exist, I'm going now. Take advantage and respond a problem mechanism explains there the first time entering this part explaining the real cause of the problem, right? you place a contrary nature of the Red Cross nature there before unnatural in the mechanism that gives you bread something new, something that nobody I hadn't thought about anyone yet. had had access to that information and then you support it with evidence and credibility, and here at João blessing he gives an overview of problem and enters this part of the cycle of conspiracy, right? That's also the core of it. right? Each and every part of the structure is internally, your service is in the connection area. Vital would be a nightmare story, Aquino The big problem is this cycle of Consideration, right? That's what João gave us. Blessings. He teaches us, and then he opens a Lux for to get to the core part of the solution those three parts of the solution are tips that haven't been mentioned and since beginning, but we'll delve deeper into these. tips for when you get there, so now five The overall conspiracy perspective is from the big The problem is the association you want to make. the introduction of the conspiracy cycle You show the next person that what he Think about the problem, it's not right. that the person has been conditioned to think That way, ever since she was born. then you introduce the truth behind it. of everything, something that someone, right? The Entity, the The enemy is the government, the industry. The pharmacist always wanted to answer you. So that's the overview. the conspiracy cycle This is the Foundation, the context of your big problem, your next ET doesn't There's just one problem: he was involved. in a conspiracy a conspiratorial web in a web of lies and you want to involve your neighbor and not be called is which goes beyond the fight against AIDS conspiracy, right? That's what they called it. Ours against them, right? Ours against them. enemy, right? That's the tone for those who already... he read the thick accent and Junior if not People will access and read Doblo Air Horn. He tells me about it. the structure of the consideration cycle like the structure in which we assembles this cycle of consideration and not I had to get into that big look That's a lie, right? It's already been opened, right? They lied. for you and then you develop it a little. That falls under the heading "The Guilt." It's not your busy schedule, it's such and such, and the great... The truth about it is this. Okay, let's talk about the look of the big lie, shall we? identifies any popular belief of your something that they naturally make public they believe about the market for you Describe this belief and tell me about it. Subtle way that that's wrong That's fake, right? You start to... transition you see Notice the point as an entry point to this conversation, you get some belief about the car, something that The guy naturally believes you enter. In this belief, you address this belief and talk in vine weight loss right, excess weight is related That's it, that's it, but what we don't I knew that until today, but actually it's not quite like that here. So what happens to this then? You get into the guy's belief system and then you It subtly rotates and begins to... Take the guy another way, right? And you describe this child here asking That's wrong. That's false. you spoke with believing in that A lie in some pain that the next one is that you're already feeling. In other words, you cause it. Identification by weight enters the belief that the guy has and said it's not quite like that The business is more about that side and so on and the This is what happens, and when this happens... It happens, you feel it, and that's what he... "Feel" is something he's already feeling. then see you go around there The situation and you were already all that identification and you can do it with that your pros ask him to accept your argument that you entered into the belief He did it in a subtle way when he triggered it. That was a little bit there, and it turned into a pain. that he's already feeling and in something that he I already felt it, so he is like that. You get involved in the story, right? Hey, and when are you there? In that part, he... He already accepted, right? That's it. So you want to take off what you said, so you want to remove the The weight of his shoulders, part of the blame. It's not yours, pass your own te understand that he is not succeeding desired result because of that They told you a lie, but if That's not his fault, right? So you So tell me, if you still haven't managed to... I hope the fault isn't yours, you just... He never found a right method, and that's it. I'm going to show you what today... The guilty party is x, it is occupied, such is of nature. Humans looking for someone to blame for suitable if you want to remove the I asked for the fault of the shoulders of the pros to he will stop feeling like a failure and Believe in the possibility of change and Turning things around with your party, right? So that's the Your role is to alleviate the burden of guilt. of the next type, this guy feels that he He's a failure, we all think he is a... A lost cause with no solution. The guy's going to buy it, but he's not going to give it to you. Pay attention, the guy will accept your proposal. So you take that weight of guilt off of It's expensive for him to believe that it's possible. for him to believe that he is not a failed, but there is a possibility that he is unaware of this possibility naturally, it's part of what you're going to do. do what you're going to offer him Okay, so understand that the Super channel doesn't have... Having achieved this, don't blame yourself for it. that the enemy is the Industry The pharmaceutical company, the government, etc., is trying. to prevent you from the desire for transformation. that he wants And then you talk about the great truth. The great truth is that... principles you needed to use your Please just don't use them against you. You are or so it's not actually about a belief that he has what truly What matters about the problem is something that is behind the belief, what until then what was it that you are shining a light on it now you need to do the next one and you understand that your product will give you In some way, freedom is time with the family love relationships receive respect, that is, feelings there that are behind the of transformation and that the guy is about to to experience it, right? Hi, and then you do the... Opening look for great solution after forming a more concrete idea about the big problem he is Facing you now, you want to give a This sample shows the benefits you are about to receive. Showing you build value and what He is about to meet... it's like... You do that, then you say there, in addition to show the definitive solution for x I I'll also give you three tips on timing. entry that you can start using today as soon as I finish watching This video is a good opportunity. For you to use, uh, fascinations, right? times and increase the radius there of what is What's about to be revealed is for you. put the banks there, increasing increasing the radius of this solution definitive of something that you're opening the The profit to present is for you. increase the person's interest and hook them. Again, her attention and interest were there. her And let's go to Graciele and tell her how... Wow, João, bless you! to develop this part of the story the big problem So let me give you some context here, they kind of... give an overview I'm sorry then. Here begins the content. Even the World Cup is the big problem then returning to our narrative... The real problem is the fact that you He lied for a year if those lies are preventing you from having the body you want. And it deserves to be here, I'm not sure if This translation is correct, right? The fact that that you lied for a year, we lasted maybe It could be the fact that someone lied to You, [Name], are these measures...? preventing you from having the body you want And you deserve one of these lies right here. You have to starve to death, it's rice that you Have you heard this from a third party or perhaps... They even believe it. At some point in Your life is still here, right? You know I'm still here. Now, that's not even close to the truth. See how he takes a belief from CrossFit Look, the entry point is a belief of that market, right? A belief of that if you want to lose weight you have You'll starve to death, you have to close the mouth and can't eat anything, that's the Entry point, right? That's not even... close to being true if you are one of the millions who were victims of this lie, then you should decide now to believe in the truth because if you don't do that you will to continue on the path of the diet cycle and He looked, right, in Portuguese, I don't know, in the cycle. of the yo-yo effect, something like that. accordion effect subject saying your body's metabolism slows down the rhythm of a snail and interrupting everything your dead weight loss in your trails, or what are you talking about? He's here, right? He's here. stating the cause of the problem mechanism That's what he says is the big deal. problem here, do you believe that you You have to shut your mouth to succeed. lose weight but you have to stop eat and then he explains why that is That's a lie, right? Because when you do that Because metabolism drops, right? Your rate of metabolism your metabolic rate slows down and That's why you burn less fat. That's what's happening. Good morning, naturally, no matter how... You are strong, you simply give up. About diet and the body of your dreams Listen That's not what I want for you, I know. which is not what you want for yourself same And then he enters the second stage, side of It's not your fault, and that's the reason why. Your struggle with weight loss isn't... It's your fault, isn't it? And grace made you... Believe it, but it's not your fault. then he has to find someone to blame if Do you really want to buy something for Don't blame yourself for your struggles with weight loss. What tabloids are, the media is like television commercials to be watched Fixed diets and Hollywood diets you were bombarded by almost everything time in which he is alive with statements false and deceptive of these bandits and they depend on your suffering to Making money is classic, right? This here It is often used in this way. pointing the finger at the enemy, like, right? always some stronger entity some Being more powerful is what's deceiving you. who only wants your money the informational help that the media loves exploding is enough to confuse. anyone he enters on a fourth evidence large studies study done in 2007 published in his people's bag He revealed that what we see in the media itself that we are not providing Total Pay attention to this. This is a comment here about the Highlight. right, about that part that he what they left over during the cop notice that he usually niece command words and/or phrases command, right? For example, it will underline. Buy it there, then it will go up the same price. That's the phrase now, right? You'll see it on the slide. It will only be underlined. Buy now. here paying full attention notice that whenever he climbs onto something That's very much NLP, what Paulo... He said he was coming out of John's NLP. Benson uses it a lot, it's like he placed subliminal messages inside These are the command words of Coop itself. they are statements are ultimately command phrases from pros I asked him to go Seeing this, the person is... watching this and that person will be reading there, those, those, those phrases and those command words and it keeps going in her subconscious then it pays Attention! Buy now, today only! Your moment understood these nuances. Okay, so a study done in 2007 published The bag I studied revealed that what We see it in the media even though we are Paying full attention, that's it. influences our decision-making and beliefs are to a remarkable degree, so much so that Test participants reported reading two or three articles next is a pagode throughout 17 months was enough to change my mind about How to lose weight is amazing, isn't it? And then... he passes it on to the great truth truth, that is, the one that he stays with What statement are you talking about? true Well, deep down I'm telling you the truth. The truth is that you should never, ever to go hungry even for a few days because when your body feels extremely hungry It shuts down the hormones that burn. more fat, but you already have more Mystic connection has become more obvious than it already had. your body starts storing more fat Because you think you are are you going through hunger? Sleep is passing by. This is a A throwback to our earlier days. when our past in this is a a setback in our evolution year food it was scarce in our love handles and thunder thighs they were necessary for survival He must be talking about the little tires, right? Lack of love is the result of localized fat deposits. here on the side of my belly was mine fair-skinned girl without understanding what causes Love, just saying that expression there... city ​​of the 70s and 80s you don't I didn't know Ah, so there's that localized fat in... culottes Hey, and then the Conspiracy cycle repeats itself. It's optional, right? Repeat, press circle, that Wait, let me get my bearings. in this part here that's possible represents the circle of the Conspiracy again with a new or second That's not a lie. In other words, you can. You can give him some other reason, right? You can to link some other argument there And then you can repeat this cycle of He does that with consideration, right? Now, another... That's a lie. That's the grandfather of [person's name]. That's the grandmother of [person's name]. All the dietary measures... That's a lie. that you have to give up your food favorite foods like sweets, pasta and What do you like most? Do you want all of these? Lies are popular beliefs of that market And he's using people's beliefs. good as an entry point there to demystify these children you Foods like sweets and pasta. What do you... He likes it more, right? And he's breaking down objections. It's not the same time I'm doing it. I'm overcoming objections because the person She wants to lose weight, but she doesn't want to stop. She doesn't want to eat what she likes. Going hungry, right? Notice what he's doing there. It's just guessing again, and they're even more wrong. It's possible if you believe this lie. Let me tell you what's going to happen. with you you spend the week you more voted for a bland and boring diet with no end in sight and fighting against the I have a craving for food, right? I could do it, Travis is... binge eating and every time you slides and has fun watching if you have fun You're having a blast here with me! Every time you slip, have fun. a slice of pie or pizza you feels completely guilty It's when guilt takes over. That's it for you to diet right there, there's nothing left. There's no way I want you to Try being this ripe again, never again. So here he is again, entering the Same cycle, right? It's not your fault, it's without like the first pleasant lie some good news if you're not guilty because then, in that lie, that's the end of it. skip this part here because he's basically repeating the same pattern there Basically the same slides, right? Except... he used the They have another tip. Okay, so that concludes the big... big problem Personal questions, I'll go, I'll go two. Just a few minutes in the bathroom if you have time. Paulo, please take this with any doubts. I'm leaving and I'll be right back. And today we'll continue, okay? if you want to ask in private chat So no, Gabriel isn't going there. Okay, take it, but I'll ask you in the chat. Célio João Pensa doesn't have the mechanism. The only problem, then, is this view of This one understood this vision of unique. This basically has several photos that I see that he doesn't have a position. The only one who really has the reason for person not having had results before the have you ever stopped in history when the comments on the history of the Vital connection. They could... Father's blessing, he enters more into a vision of recounting what happened to him doesn't quite fit into the vision similar to RDC to raise attempts and failures what does the person have for after justify to her the reason for why. Everything she tried before didn't work. result and then it returns to that vision. as I mentioned before about the difference in diet. part of the creation and development of body in good shape then when you are writing today for weight loss by For example, the person has already tried many times. things before then it does much more It makes sense for you to bring a structure. similar to the RDC that you try raise attempts and failures to people wondering why their diet didn't work. for her and why the gym doesn't work for her because running on a treadmill is not It works for her in a way here. she'll see here later in this part that the part of the real problem that was behind This [ __ ] vision is because of that. It's because of this point, but you... See, in the case of a blessing, he's more... carrying on this view of "The fault is not" Because you're still talking to me about it, OK? She doesn't want you to know, or else Giving a little hint about the kit isn't really... It doesn't make sense for you not to lose the para You stopped going because the gentleman was a talent truly becomes a vision is very superficial, just like Dione commented. Here, basically, is a mechanism without... scientific basis different because I don't see it in him In John's view, this is a blessing. Unique positioning like this, to get up to talk to the person and tell them your problem is That clearly depends on whether another person... through scientific studies and equal to Gabriel spoke earlier, but perception already exists. It's been a while since I started feeling like I'm missing a lot. in this view of Uncle Bença and also because They are as I said before, the opposite, I tell you I love the sophistication of the moment that he this structure brought the market and that There's a lack of proof these days, people They need to have a better understanding of exams. mainly for weight loss to gain easy money on the straight line and why that What you're saying makes sense, and it doesn't. The view in this strictly limited sense is that there in NLP a somewhat superficial one a more superficial explanation then, it's fine this question of evidence and yes and at the same time time spent on the copcord issue Even now, the objection here is three proofs. I don't know what markets are anymore. What's missing nowadays is bringing more own but it's not something new nowadays when They must be sold back there that he 40 years writing that started there working with another David Hogg, see there at the company. of him and he brought a differentiation in market and at that time he was hitting seven out of every ten controls and put a lot money in your pocket, in this view already... to bring proof in this view of proving this It's a better way, and he was one of the... The first people I brought like this are There's plenty of evidence, and that's why he's hitting that one. amount of control from the past because people still do today Nowadays, you don't bring it anymore. to prove what you're saying You're already playing a pretty good game. princess promise sits superficially and It becomes a play on words and with a play on words Repeating this is too good to be true. The truth is, it could happen to you. Oh, I don't know who to call the pharmacist. internet you stay Sometimes you There's a lot missing in the words of promises. in itself a superficial form when it is lacking my own, so I know where I am yesterday. How much of a marketing school is there here, right? if we can even call PSD H4 that. It was marketing, right? He himself says that, right? You already... a school for making an animal, you are Sending this just to get me to send a message. Switch it so I can see and like Gary bencivenga nationalizing Hi Jana, how did he kind of define the his marketing school is Any more questions, folks? Any comments on this part or we can touch the carriage It's all good. Oh, okay then. Just taking advantage of the break. Hey guys, I'm asking you guys who... are enjoying content for those who had Some cool website. Take a picture there. Make a short video or something and post it. Go to Instagram and tag Gabriel Mc and Paulo. Anderlaine cop present that I post to make a move that I need to make I need to get my Instagram updated, dude, I've been MIA. there and so far RBC has won the supreme court in the first audio I believe in the end, in the end we try. I think that making a general compilation would work. this structure of a blessing has some good good qualities Yeah, but I actually think RMBC is the way to win. we put the street here And Gabriel, I don't know, Paulo coffee Okay then, everyone, let's move on to the 4th. part It's the great solution. And here, if we mirrored it, RN BC It would be the mechanism of the solution and also the Product construction, right here at João's? Blessing is simply the great solution. then rmbc is the mechanism of the solution but the product construction: what is it? proposed there, right, after going through everything? the problem there is of the opposite nature and That's something nobody had. nobody was paying attention nobody I knew about this real solution. And there it is. linked to the problem in a logical way is He creates a macro theory with a solution. micro that there is more or less that which the Uncle Paulo explained a few minutes ago. about the question of history, right? emotional story emotional story it is embedded within a context bigger, right? Inside? What was the word that... you used for the president's transfer origin is more Or at least this, right? That one means... Macro theory is in everything that... origin for a solution by the nozzle now the person who knows the solution is a product, right? And then he said it qualifies. There are existing solutions, right? I've already tried them all. Those solutions didn't work. It worked, it didn't work, and then He Decides. He creates his own solution and then works on it. In that problem, she has obstacles. there, in his process, he achieves the Success leads to a discovery, right? somehow finds that he achieves this success in other people from his social circle there other people with the same problem that They want that solution, and that's how it's born. the product naturally And here on the Biel channel, the great solution... He opened up his look to the three tips, right? which are the core of this part of The best solution is the three tips about He presents the problem-solving approach. These three tips, right? With angles. Each tip is different, each one has a year. different He said that now the next one can try putting those tips into practice He can do it alone, or he can take advantage of the solution. It's a solution made for you that he developed to shorten the path of Next, and then he presents the product, no. So these are the approaches of each one. one of the goals no matter the size of the problem, your The solution is bigger, it's good motivational there. straight from the sky today now now via sky let's go there structure of the grand solution Hair for the three tips you will give information on how to get around the problem. These three tips are the heart of the great... The solution, right? Look at the angles of the tips. Why avoid such a thing, instead of taking advantage of it? and so on. Then how to do it, then he does it. the transition from large supply to not to say So how does he open up that look? Those three tips, right? Now I'm going to give them to you. Three tips, you know? First, I'll tell you... which you should avoid if you want to have Success in x, then I'll tell you how. you can make this something more fun, something lighter, some Natural, and finally I'll tell you exactly how to do it Step by step, then how to formulate the their lives the basic structure for that Part of the tip is you have three tips for give what structure you need to give the each one, you start with a benefit And then you after the benefit You explain why you did that, you said. what was that, how to do that, the result of doing this and a little storytelling A short story about Dreams and how This tip helped you, right? He's in the method. you said think carefully about this structure, no It is very different from the three levels of Benefits, right? What did we talk about? there earlier the benefits and practical Dimensional benefit and the benefit Emotional, right, virgin? It starts with... benefit and it kind of goes by through the layers of the benefit is to arrive there and half here in the result and one a little story there about the benefit and this structure for explaining the tips It is based on psychology so that a a person understands something completely. It is a learning mechanism then here it explaining the structure of these tips It's a learning mechanism, right? searching there in his roots again from NLP: Three tips pave the way. to save your offer the transition to large woofer for make the transition to your big offer Just commenting here, we'll get through this. Three practical tips from TSL. transition to large offers to do the transition to your great affection You wants to convey the idea that even after the three tips there is still a component an indispensable key to making it so Everything works fine, and this component doesn't. this key mechanism is inside the your method, the product you will reveal now, right? So you, you now You can try doing all of this on your own. Shorten your path now, choose more. Recommended, I've already done all the work. For you, the name of the master I created. It is so, or rather, it only happens here. The product reveal so far is a Great content on solving a That's a problem, isn't it? And here's where the revelation happens. The product is what you want here. position your product in a way as if he had done all the work. It's tough for a person, isn't it? Dani was cold and made it so. You say hi and she just enjoys the benefits And let's see how this great solution went. written here in our narrative and So it starts here, right folks? Back to Okay, so here's where I'll go into detail. Regarding the principle of heat scaling There's only a second left. So for everyone Keep watching the media, it's yours. Details and tips to avoid are here. How many likes? Not this one here is the Eduardo's explanation: So, okay, do... So, in this introduction, I'll go into detail. about the municipality of scaling Calorie only on Monday then continue watching email you You absolutely need to know about The only food you should avoid kissing is... Our structure for the tips is three, right? The tips are three different angles and you You should edit what you can use, right? Which one? to improve the situation and then how to do it. first you are absolutely precise knowing the only food you should Avoid this if you actually want to lose weight. This will surprise you most of the time. people believe that it feeds healthy and it can only be never when most people choose to eat if you eat you the square and the hormones fat burning for hours, that is you avoid eating that food to turn off your burning hormone fat I want you to exist I avoid carbohydrates and starch in the morning. This is only until you manage to lose weight. It's not forever, so don't worry. simply replace the carbohydrates with fruits with low sugar content or even even vegetables alone do this one This tip will allow you to do what you really want me to do. more fat all the time increase your energy during the day and better control your insulin levels It can protect against heart disease and Type 2 diabetes, right? See the benefits. He passed by there. He entered the in that idea of ​​benefits beyond The tip is just to imagine what he's doing. doing that means mentioning with the intention of It's a business, right? He's taking it more towards the... taking that aside and carrying it to the concrete life of the next person you made this small change without sacrificing You are not losing any calories. Fat like never before feeling more energy, that's not it. amazing things are the amazing thing to imagine all of this for a simple Tip: Feel free to eat. carbohydrates in the morning if you really want to eat on their days food that day that here maybe Maybe on your cheat day, huh? For those who are dieting, right, that day when... you have free meals at the end But more about that is just... for a moment, she gave me a hint again. open the loop to continue speaking about the benefits of that here more at just a moment in its details and tips on various aspects, including details and advice. Fun here for How many lots if necessary Let's talk about content; the internet has become... It was poorly formatted and tricked me. So now he's entering the second layer of Tip in the second tip, the fun tip. on how to make the process more fun but have a more enjoyable time And now, how would you really like to... Enjoy eating the foods that you You know they will make you lose weight and feel... That's amazing, and you can take advantage of it. Next simple tip: You will... And you... It will also decrease a hormone. fat storage called cortisol, all you need to do is a simple exercise, not an exercise physical instead the exercise that all it requires is a pen and paper. I want you to write down five foods. protein supplements that you know are good. for you who like five for while foods like fish and chicken are okay meat tuna fish eggs anyway Now I I want you to write five more. foods these are the foods are carbohydrates that you like to eat are Great for weight loss, rice. whole wheat bread And now, note 3 essential fats that... you need to install them or when cooking something olive oil safflower oil, coconut oil, butter, etc. after to get your list, your next task. It's super simple, refuse to eat. anything other than food Specific healthy things that you love These tips will help you if you hate broccoli but... If you like bell peppers, throw away the broccoli. Enjoy these bell peppers, they look great! Obviously, but most people are coming. believes that you need to eat foods with Terrible taste for weight loss. That's it. a lie once you assume it command your diet becomes a plan of Nutrition: Your personal guide to... So imagine the success of weight loss. That's right, you never have to eat anything. foods that are good for you what the days at the party, your look instructions and reveal your tip for quantities are necessary And then he enters the third Here's a tip: it gets even better! Here's a really big tip, but Ira Crucial warning without using tip number three, you can forget the other tips. that help with weight loss. That's the tip. which will allow you to see the elements that you love and desire let go of all the old weight of mine foods you love, desire, and lose all the weight you want to learn This tip really helps you. consume tasty and highly caloric intake throughout the week for Losing weight removes guilt and suffering from your diet plan and makes these favorite healthy foods much easier to eat because because You know that your favorite food is just around the corner and see how your body works, it has a a hormone called T4 and another hormone called leptin, don't worry. Just... keeping these parts going this afternoon super It's simple when you reduce calories. Why does he say that? It's not for... sleeping will warn you that the presentation is not It's getting into a scientific aspect, isn't it? It's getting boring, that one will continue. talking about benefits in a clear and easy to understand and when you reduce calories by more than 48 72 hours these hormones However, the decrease plummets. Calories have a very short period. It has been shown to increase weight loss and increase the rate at which you lose weight, so my system takes advantage of Two worlds: food days healthy, low-calorie meals followed in a specific time, right? Always check that. The method works because you have to doing such a thing at this time is This is vital; it can't be the time that... whatever you want with your favorite foods As a result, your T4 never decreases. That is... It's incredible that the decrease is up to 4 exactly the reason why all the Diets stopping working isn't quite that simple. You tricked your body into burning. a pile of unwanted weight without breaking the keyboard limit and further increase of calories again just a moment Specifically, you restart that other one. The hormone leptin and Ale, this is yours. friend who burns fat, let me tell you What I'm saying is that he's going in, he's... flirting there with the mechanism Regarding the solution, but as Paulo mentioned, right? all very unfounded, it's not everything, I'm... I'm telling you that it's this way because that's how it is. There's no proof, right? There's none of that. Part of it is fragile. This part is superficial. she Cristina her friend who burns fat, as long as I say how to increase leptin through strategic overfeeding at times specific events during the week were given to freedom that none of the plans of this It can offer you what it really uses. your favorite foods as a tool to burn fat and maintain your high metabolism Just imagine yourself that you are You, right? What are you doing with the filter? He's already bringing the avatar. transformed to look like the person there. At that moment, right? What are you doing? eating your favorite meals healthy low-calorie burning fat feeling amazing about yourself even when it's suddenly Pizza Time any other family you want There's a hint of guilt in the feeling that you broke your diet you call some friends and asks him to meet at his favorite diner and he... They are amazed by you. How can you... lose so much weight and eat this food This food also used to make you Gaining weight, and that's what's happening. Here's what's happening now. Do you know the secret to the formula? manage a nutrition plan that ensures that you can continue to enjoy of all your favorite foods and Lose the weight you want and now it Enter here for the transition to the big one. The offer, or rather the solution, is basically... That's it, now you know the secret! to manage a large plan of Nutrition. What garage you lose and lose. Weight and keep weight away from you. now he will make the transition to great in Okay, that was a lot to cover, you can... feeling a little Overwhelmed or confused, that's okay. It basically means that now you You have two options regarding Where are you going? From here on, it's the number one choice. You can get this information from there. presentation and trying to do everything alone And who knows, you might see some success. take really careful notes or choose number 2, that's the choice Smart. That's the fastest way. easy intelligence to obtain the EA body The health you deserve. Let me do the... I work for you and you know I've already done it. Right, Dani, I've already done the work for... you and you don't need to go looking for all this information alone from there left to cut his path I could start from scratch and try. Reinventing the wheel: when and why to begin? starting from scratch and trying to reinvent the wheel when I put the exact plan step by step. For successful weight loss here, right? I already did it for you and it was tested by year in which the person responsible for finding these thousands of men and women of All ages can lose weight successfully. finally that dream body Without suffering without hunger without harming your style and the question of the vast majority of our successful clients choose here the doctor ends one one one introduction to social proof and it will Enter the great offer. Now that this is the last part 1 to the questions comments Johnny asked here for the purpose of putting these three tips into perspective They've already started. Dude, those three tips, right? Like I said... at the beginning and the paths and this method of a good to Sound leads us down a path. more with that presentation look and content and something It's more informal, right? These are the tips. They serve first when you look for Lydia and you see that they have these three tips she serves there primarily for to awaken that curiosity, that... new information idea unknown And these tips are just for the first time. They serve that purpose, but when you get there... at this point in the game You see, you lose strength, you come With these tips, in the end they... They serve there as an introduction to talk about your about about your It is a solution, but in the end... mainly depending on how you She writes that she doesn't offer any solutions, does she? These are tips that give you some ideas. that they are not a solution to anything, they serve no purpose simply to assemble a an excuse to create a context for you offer your solution is I don't know if I managed to be clear. playing question again The record was to place those three. Tips are basically this: First of all You use that in the fight to suck the person dry. inside the Cup to reveal the looks to give an idea of ​​valuable information for the person to continue watching presentation and when you get there on time if you actually present the tips, she It serves simply as a context. so you can present your solution, right? a context for you to speak or tips Not here if you want to do it yourself. You can do it, but I've already done all of that. work for you and all this work which you can now access portal through my method x which is the time that He is a candle, the product. So this tip... She might even turn it against you if... you can't put together good tips if you can't put the hint if That's really interesting. It will naturally serve as an anchor. there for your method, right, because if the The tips weren't interesting and delivered that's enough if the person won't feel like it no person will feel it. attracted by his method that promises deliver those tips ready for her And that's how I see it. That's what the vision thinks, so it ends here. It's not exactly a great solution, as he... He spoke, understood, and made sense of you bringing 3. hints: they are three already, it's not one. Big deal, yeah. Dog, no, it doesn't have anything. nothing right that he increases that he Thoroughly integrate these three solutions and one something that you think of, damn it, The product will leave here, in my view. It really does look strange. Besides that... this view of tips seems to be a YouTube video, understood? Then return to Regarding that issue I mentioned earlier... behind the scenes, it's going to come on YouTube, it didn't even exist. hints that no Tom could be a This is a YouTube video, let's see if it's him, but at the same time people they don't They had an exhibition back then, okay? launched in 2011/12 to have something along those lines YouTube wasn't such a cutting edge in creating content for people to stay and then there then apparently apparently in People's view of exposure level This type of video was something that... People couldn't find it on YouTube and she There were ads and these appeared. Things for her to watch. It was a thing. relatively new to make sense for she at that moment and sells quite a lot but it's a question of something more sophisticated of people having been exposed to other videos for more solutions etc. in my view. This tip view. so that you can then make a transition. to sell a product in which these She has those three points, she has those three. that Gabriel is not no, it doesn't quite fit the situation unique specific times one of these things that people may even have I heard nowadays, for example. So I miss looking like that. great solution as he says in my vision is not The solution, therefore, is not a single thing. It's not the same view that Stefan positions. of a unique mechanism that the person feels that she had never seen that thing before and the that in your text you manage to leave This is clearer, but at the same time not. It gives off that unique vision, it seems that he's just one A friend of a friend who knows a little more. that you stop telling you is passing it on to you This information. This is the perception that I don't have it so much, I really feel it. There's a lot missing there, especially with regard to being the only one and Aside from the evidence, right, young man? Tell me... that one has never THE Tiago Green already asked to speak, let me Take it apart here. Hi Hello Hey, remember? Hey, good afternoon, Paulo. Good. It's late Gabriel, put everything in order. EA's perception here, I think, is a little... Paulo said, "Let's go, good, there's a..." product, here's an example of How to save money on gas, right? Make the most of your gasoline so you can spend it. Let's suppose in that case I could... Use it, see if he doesn't, because it's a hint. It's a guy giving a tip about a market. less sophisticated less explosive my vision imagining and that I could having fewer unique mechanisms, it is for to show that for this one, this is salvation. your life is connected and on RBC Imagine That's something more sophisticated, right? Right, in a weight loss market? In general, right? And that's more or less it. Do you think that's what you think? And then I think that makes sense, yes I think so. which is for this type of product, right? naturally has that idea but I think that's the informational aspect of it. sense The question is, which one will you get? leave strong How are you doing? How much are you going to get? to strongly emphasize the idea that what you You're offering it to a single person there, you have... access to some unique type of information because at the same time if you assemble a an offer that looks like it might even be Here are some tips to help you save money. gasoline is likely something that person doesn't Buy it, right? Because, you say, what do you think of? Who is it on Google that you think belongs to whom? YouTube I think the bigger issue at hand Regarding the structure, I think I'll do it one day. This is a product that is not available there. unique mechanisms do not have the complexity that fndct provides explore I think it makes sense to pay attention to that. John Benson's structure in a VSL for for this waste and even a more structure We're seeing a leaner version here. It has 400 likes, so what? narration 402 there who I don't know at least 25 Minutes in the narration depend, right? "I can't glasses" is written on each slide. But perhaps someone could even come. pick it up here I would even use it to protest some version one a little more concise and more direct. She doesn't. It's a VSL of 10 to 15 minutes, maybe 15. I'm just thinking here for a few minutes, yes, yes, yes. situation, but it's because of the date, right? PSL Now, right? You're older than the market in... that era should have been more of a "that thing" You're talking about the Blue Sea, right? The Ocean? Blue is easier to pray for, but then it could... Bring out more of that side. Imagine it like this. Douro, that expression that the PSL doesn't use. Well, nowadays I think that... NBC in these markets the main ones there are I think that's the most ideal, right? That's how I imagine it. Right? I'm not saying there's a right or wrong, right? I think it's possible for both to contribute. right but the crust The question here and VSL Now can be included within the RBC, but RBC doesn't fit within the PSL. So what do I mean by that? This is perhaps where the structure of the RBC is... more versatile if you can understand Which elements there are we not going to include? For your campaign, you can find information there. remove some elements to speed things up some parts, right? The MBC will give you a a wider range of tools for you to build from start to finish what If he had not, then if it were to assemble a copy from scratch on any niche there You can do this by wiping the The structure of the RMBC is good, but maybe it's rubbish. You won't have anything more sophisticated than this. sufficient tools with the PSL and it will to be an animal to expand what you it needs But over the years, the idea is what we... Everything else, another question, sooner than Paulo. He said he remembered the beginning of the letter. the series of John 10 where he says "Ah I I don't remember asking, but I asked the question of whether I think that The mechanism was in the great promise something like this Then Paulo said these three tips are the unique mechanism that will make you have This is a great result, right? So it is as if the PSL were Mother Alice or the Bitcoin in the market and RDC was inside of him, right? A son, I'd say, you know, like... It came from him if I thought that led I don't know, maybe a... The apprentice who surpassed the master is right there. I just think that through a competition The audience surpassed the master, I don't know either. Does Stephanie have any training? and with John Benson And it is, but anyway, the chronological question is... It is natural that a more more more method recent is more sophisticated, right? It has to more tools, which is a more method old. After all, people see that everywhere. the markets are the market becoming more sophisticated things are changing It's natural that this also happens method copyright, you take for example scientific advertiser a book by Cold Hawking 100 years ago None of what we're talking about here is true. It's in there, and he gives it to the municipalities. bases and things keep expanding and improving that certificate, yes, but This conversation is just about exchanging ideas. Thank you. Hi Gabriel. São Paulo William said he missed beginning of the beginning of which the one saying It's being recorded, it's being recorded, right? My friend, if I don't have it, I'm going to cry, okay? Part of it remains written here below. Pause and stop recording. It's recording. Here, it's recording here, but I can't see it. I thank you Patrick in the PSL, we didn't start the World Cup because History in RN BC It would be the same thing It is both structures, right? both methods They start with Lydia over there, right? You want to... first, hook the person into the her story to Lydia as if it were a a summary of what is about to happen presented there to the person, right, where you Finally, if you take Lydia's structure... It's kind of a summary of everything that's going to happen. what will happen from there on, where you It has to make an initial impact there. right, person, talk about the problem. to provoke about the solution about the The mechanism is to increase curiosity and add elements of credibility sometimes put it there too testimonies testimonies and confirm the Transformation and being slim means doing everything. this at the same time to cause to get the person out of the zone of disinterest from zone one of you the English term here that from the zone that she doesn't want to know about It's about putting her attention to it. I do it there in whatever comes next in like a general summary, and then yes you enter that part of the story And here again, in my view, it is not... I'm going to tell you that vision of history. my story necessarily in my Vision carries more weight, but it also has something broader. that the origin of how I found the The real problem is the mechanism itself. ahead of what I will necessarily have to say My story bows its head and medium Chico Xavier hello the air telling Anything, you understood what you think. Upon contact, I have a perception different from that view of origin but at the same time this is a good view and even if you take the literal translation of background story I feel that This Black background Top More related to this issue of It's really the origin, right? If it's a conversation... normal day-to-day in English if you What is the background question? person, right? What's your background? They're asking about the person's background. right, asking what happened, what Life passes by until this moment, we Let's go after it, right? It's kind of behind the scenes. of the situation but it no longer makes sense to start to written by history to provide further basis there's nothing you're dealing with Perception is also minimally focused. It's getting worse than I am. Maybe. I'm judging. I think I'm going to. to get it right with this perspective of thinking I'm going to tell you my story. Okay, so I might be prejudging the story. That's wrong, but deep down... the person depending on how you go She doesn't want to stop telling this story. necessarily sleeping your story Remember something personal, don't you? You know, you understand, and one of the things there I I'm going to bring in another element, another person here at the market who talks about in Evaldo's book it became a first week, ask what he has there. His book contains 10 dangerous questions. To write this for Veres is great. a vision of What's in it for me It's English if the masses emit palming that this type of view, the person is not She's there just to hear you, she's there. You're wasting her time if you want. To get her attention, something for her is not... Something's stopped, I'm going to tell you mine. I don't really like history, nor do I use two I don't even use writing history in my own with that kind of vision or here comes Another whole hour and there's someone else there. to tell the story that deep down in my perspective is not about history no it's not the vision of them telling what What happened to me, you know? What happened to you is a vision of you. It will show the origin of what it will... What happens to the person is what they don't She loses weight, but she can't. to achieve the desired result is then a This view of "I'm not going to start" is a bit... Which one did you tell me to? to base more of that on my vision, like there which doesn't necessarily have to do with History tells you that they begin by history, but not necessarily tones begin with history The truck placed several points [for us]. He knows this from the start, he typed 12, that he took the side of the course but at the same time In what different situations have we not yet... It is not necessarily the case that to begin is to begin. for a story for There is no necessarily related to basing and Did you understand? And also because when you use A well-made cop. A history leader. it begins with the climax of the story one It starts at the beginning of school, never. She begins to tell the beginning of the story and she This falls under the category of the worst kind of vision. That one time for later when you will tell in the backstory section or The great connection is so that's where he is. Try a little harder to give one and fear to show the moment when history It happened, and that moment in history... Lide is that vision, kind of like the worst day. point in your history in this narrative of writing history Just like Uncle Bença said, "So, that's the vision." Stephanie, who has a vision there, world of history, she is a That's the moment when the house of cards collapsed for the group. understood that this doesn't necessarily have to do with see what the media says, especially because of the structure. of the dispute in whether it goes beyond that vision The climax of the story is kind of Lydia She starts from there, you understand? It's like... if the story of the beginning of life is it was a different kind of art so that the the rest of this structure of the dispute by For example, RPC comes after this view. from history, history for him, but then She's going to tell you thanks to I don't know what I I found out, then you'll talk about the issue of stirring things up. too many lines and maybe edit them. some testimonies from totally people Vera understood the result. It's just one. Nonsense, just a matter of looping. inhabitants loop this husband issue of history but not necessarily related to bazaar bazaar of What does the impression of a serious conversation give? like those movies that start with excerpts from the ending are not from the ending and not That's the idea that vision isn't necessarily... from the end is to control the ball on the line of a story that has several other forms of You'll have a lot of work to do to wake up. curiosity soon begins to to tell the story of the pin so that that makes sense, that makes sense to me. I totally traveled But the question of history is... Meaning is linked not to the story itself. to link the origin of the mechanism the hero of his any mechanism that does not It's history, history, it's just there. so that you can show that there is a The mechanism behind it is somewhat like this. Vision, history, history, it exists. as a narrative to show to the person in the case of João Pensa currently She is the thing that he brings. This vision more. NLP, but if you look a little closer... crude up there and without leaving the The emotion of getting involved will make you see that he It also does this as a matter of procedure. In this case. His is also good for you, that's what The story arose, led him to discover something more than just that he wants to carry this vision of history and and it is creating and together with the gurus, that's it. creating this view that it seems to have I'm going to write a story I'm going to tell. My story is not about history. history is just a vehicle that will lead to person to discover what the big one is explosion the problem finally of the two structures that are similar in this part Did you see this part of the story, the connection of bread will lead the person to discover which the problem that is easily solved is the structure the two structures are related to that, so Tom, just pay attention. to that situation this question of history reaching a Pin understood when he was careful with that. a perception that can lead to writing a It's not interesting to take your copy. that the story reaches the painter lyically It is the person who undergoes transformation, and that is all. had the transformation penalty access to product and the product that was born from a Eclipse is a mechanism that was created for you not to Finally, it's about solving the person's problem. There are things that are very much part of the narrative. be careful before Thursday, okay? If you of the wet line any of the structures a little more mineblox mineblox for you to stay more is More interesting than I think is the paralysis of from Sky's history Hello, good I liked that view, interesting view. that history only one They are a vehicle to reach the mechanism of he speaks And the story is not about the hero. The hero of this... History is not about the hero of history. And now, continuing on, he sent it. message there And let's go, because we don't, sir, just... only one perspective if you're bringing Xperia U Expert talking about this no It has a history, it's not about its origin. that he discovered the EA problem So he's not going to create that solution. Doctor's connection view, gasoline, it's going to be okay. Dok Doctor big and Bia the vision was He was quite fat when he discovered that the issue of in the intestine, bacteria exist in work and it is or is close but at the same time time, it has a water source, right? transformed but there are several I ask you not only that, then this view of him not He'll keep making things up, he won't stay. bringing about a situation that's like, oh, just because Xperia doesn't necessarily have to be the Naja potato called so he can Buying his story isn't about that. vision, especially because sometimes you can create a copy and based on a study of In that case, it is not necessarily... related to you telling your history is therefore related to a case of a person who discovered access to the information that most in That's awesome! Hi everyone, so we've entered our... last segment in our final part here which is the big offer Oh, and no RBC here in the Dias offer. Frequently Asked Questions, both of you You know, I don't know if I didn't come here or if there isn't great offer Or I'll give you a spoiler here, I admit. I like this part of the offer. I think John Benson has some good elements. Here's what we can use: It could even be combined with NBC's offering. for me the best part of it Great offer. I like it a little too. from the approach there with which he account It's a nightmare story, right? The part he does there... the most visceral connection with the audience When I say I like something, don't take it as... This is a completely SBSL example that we are... analyzing, right, to see if it's old... It's not that bad, right? It's in the translation. That's bad too, but I'm talking about principles and of the ideas behind the construction I I think that In my opinion, there is a large supply available. Some good points that we will see if you take more structure from the large supply product price outlet long lasting pleasure action results and that I loved the product the unveiling of the most unique product selling proposition unique proposal candles So when you, right, we're going Okay, to recap, we left, we... It made the transition to large-scale supply, right? You can now try to do all of this. Alone I can find my way. These are the most recommended things I've ever done. all this work for you and the method that I created is pa presented the name of The method then presented the name of the method. The product name was introduced and it was already included. with the sole proposal of less. Then the My method is this; it's the first and only one. method that makes you pee without time Y A without It's necessary to say, right? In other words, it's your proposal. The only one from Venus has already presented the product. He put the proposal here from Minas Gerais and The sequence works until you go there. overcoming the main objections Next here, regarding your product, is you. It says what the product is not, which is a opportunity to reinforce the lies from the conspiracy cycle, right? Those... lies in front of already seen the act those children, isn't that the next item? And then you can disqualify It reproduces competition and here too you It qualifies your neighbors, right? Because Those who sell to everyone end up not... selling the cliché phrase to nobody sales, then you qualify your close when you do all that, right? when you say what the product is not Hi, so you use the all of the technique. club né fica como se vai kick a Someone's outside the bar over there, right? You say? I dismiss the weak-minded and those who Are you looking for shortcuts or pills? magic Secondly, there's also the IF then technique, right? If this, then that; if you want to, do it. benefits So you need behind I myself and your use also testimony and Now, here are the testimonials about your... specific product talking about its product And you can also use this Here's an opportunity to talk about what... the person will find it inside their product, right? You give an internal view there. Right? Like on such and such page you'll see that. In that video, it says this, that, that's what... The person will find it inside the product. Regarding the product, you're even speeding things up with it. delivers the product empathy and aspects of your product that can communicate speed and efficiency Ease gains sincerity in the photo in In that sense, you will see, you will hear, you you will feel Open the look to talk about the price and to To do the anchoring, remember the three. greater benefits related to product that you are redeeming information there from the vague your Snapchat E then, passing by the product, you enter the price, right? They enter the fake price, you I want to start with a price about three times higher. greater than the price that will be charged. even before adding the bonuses then if I start with a price there in top and in the end your party will to be at least seventy percent more cheap and it will still have added the The value of good things, right? This is useful for doing... a courage class to go leave and increase the perceived value of your product when you present your price and before presenting its price of That's true, and then you add the good ones, right? Your bonuses should not compete with your... Products should complement your product. There's plenty here for bonuses, just like there's heaven. ne of information products Finally, because your physical product... can sometimes put the same product in larger quantities in the encapsulated type justify the bonus management by saying that you want to do by saying that you wanted to make your next one who you could achieve even better results quick and easy Then you update the fake price now. You add the retail price, right? You make that little list, right? You say My product is this much and the bonus costs... both the second constant calm bonus So you're adding all of that up from TAM. That's the retail price, Mr. Gomes, doing it. which makes its fake price even more... Remember, the price needs to be high. track the perceived value that you sets a price that is disproportionate to the value. who communicated is likely to lose the closing This is a common occurrence, it's a mistake. It's very common, and I myself have made the same mistake when... I did a few releases in my early days. I remember we did it at the market. a courageous first launch product of last meditation, if I'm not mistaken. ridiculous aquarium as soon as the end of The bill was, I don't know, it was priced at 10,000. and the final price was 300 and something. It's obvious that it didn't work, it didn't just work out. because of that, but as for the rest I arrived from the execution, which was also full. to do Update the fake price and then you can pass it on. for the price and Now you're going to talk about the price, you're going to... reveal your price easily price of In sales, you start by talking about the cost. The opportunity cost of the loss is what you see. wants to paint a clear picture in the mind of next and about the course of the loss of that opportunity what he will have to pay to more damage as a consequence of disillusionment, frustration, current pain, finally You create a contrast with everything he... you will gain experience and feel see transform And you, from the Discount Reason, now that You're transitioning to the price. You need to find a good reason. to give that one to get out of that price false entry at the real price It's not just a minute, I only when That's how it ends, but that's how you want it. find a personal cause mission Life is a promise made; someone gets it right. To give an excuse, right? You have to... having an online income is one reason why That price was so high and now you It's giving a record, it's so generous, isn't it? you make the cut in the price that you type or for such reasons that day that I'm not going to charge x Actually I will charging not even half of X for this and that 'that' as a form of gratitude for everything I want you to have access to what I've shared. I can't let the price be now. a problem and let's go and then you reveal the its price revealed its price you use your triple guarantee three specific reasons that guarantee I guarantee you that the next one will be able to. recover the investment if it doesn't I like the delivery, both reasons sensory and a ridiculous reason is because example Luciano, you can ask for it. refund if you don't see results. you don't feel confident applying the that you learned even if you didn't I like my haircut This is the type of guarantee that João... Blessings upon us here! triple guarantee And then you get your first CPA and add more short and direct statements he gives here This idea of ​​leaving a super bonus, right? What are you adding now, huh? so before there when you add I recommend you add a bonus, perhaps. Two bonuses here, one or two bonuses, and leave. your super good your best bonus for this moment here could be a good one a good opportunity for you to give your final card, something of great value to Next opportunities only, add an urgent scarcity, saying that this The super bonus will only be available until At the end of the video, the person should... Take advantage and click now, the person doesn't Do you know when the video is going to end then? I still wanted one more urgently, one scarcity, saying that the bonus is only That video ended there. strengthen the feeling of inclusion and Community is where people want to feel... They are part of something; use social proof. indirect references mentioning the quantity of people who are already taking advantage of method and from these the incredible results etc It's another CTA, second to GTA, and then you It also shows the checkout process. It's very important, isn't it? It shows the process. I think the next one will decrease. the anxiety of buying, some people fear the unknown you want to reduce to This fear and anxiety is used to the maximum extent. images videos screenshots and shows the exact path the person will take after Click the button and its use is the principle. Da Penha at the school is pain and pleasure. You reminds the reader of the pain of giving a drink. an action and the pleasure that awaits you is the Face filter, you're making it so that The thread you will place in the future is the future transformation right there before his eyes that moment is after clicking the button Put those pleasures in the present, do it. It felt like you were already there, since he... What this means is that you won't go. Saying, "Oh, you're going to lose so many pounds." In the coming weeks, we will try to bring this. for the present, from the moment that you click on good then from now you will begin your process of weight loss and I don't know what it ultimately brings. For the present, right? What does he mean? here Hey, and then you hit her really hard on the... I don't remember the wound, but now that he knows... The responsibility for all of that lies with... entirely in his hands, only he can. to make a decision, right? In other words, the pain that He felt that we had already spoken. there she saw that pain in his shoulders back to him, but now the decision to take This action, this decision, is his and this The responsibility lies with him; no one else can. Doing this for him reinforces your commitment. Guarantee and zero risk of your guarantee. to review all possible risks Stop with actions and results, right? Actions and Uncle Face, talk like you're next, he already... had bought and the structure where he Where to go and what to do to get started The transformation process is now kind of Go to page X to get that. Watch the video "Such and such for that etc." I remember the product overview, right? Give a brief, quick recap and... offer and terms of the offer employees' bonus guarantee process dust covers and then you add three more Reasons to act now cannot speak. The benefits might be a little tight. more on the urgency, the scarcity, etc., and says that this is the smart thing to do do before closing show by a + b that the only intelligent thing to do Now just click the button and proceed. And then after that you come in, right? He finished his thoughts and entered the questions and answers After every closure, it leaves a gap. 15 seconds on the PSL with the arrow keys pointing to the button right down has audio And then after that GAP you The narration begins again with some input of the type "Hey, are you still there?" Are you listening if you're still watching? There's only one reason, and it's not the price, I know. that this money will not be left behind no, that's not the quality of either. product because you are totally protected by the warranty maybe. And you? There are still some doubts, perhaps there are. Is there any question I haven't yet answered? Answered, right? And then you do a general recapitulation there of the offer of Regarding the objections, right? Do it again. the repeatable general regulation of supply and Answer the main objections here. I took a screenshot of that map. mental that I mentioned at the beginning of The content there has a part in it that I I thought this list of objections was cool. so cool on that list and she's that Conrado Adolpho's content, right? Who already... I've already seen some famous content from I resolved the management issues with the freezer. classics Hi, and that's it, and then it ends here, that's the end. Your VSL, right? You do this recap? That's what's important, right? To say that afterwards... that your Pit button after the button appears for the first time face no Does it matter if there are ten more minutes of video? You have another hour of video, right? What really matters is everything you do until... get to the button there, right, up to the button appear and then you can continue. Speaking of which, right? After you do everything... Closing involves these steps, that's it. You can stay here for another hour. questions and answers there you can If you want, you can even put the look on SL. That chair is right for playing again. if you want, because I don't make a difference. Right? The difference is what matters. until your button appears Hey guys, here's the content so far. Let's go to see SL to do the closing of this Mr. our And regarding the large offer, let's see... How it was put together here is a big part. You can see we're here on the slide. 260 has almost 200 more slides here just in part of this great offer for me Let's go over here and see what we can do. it achieves having to be able to fish from here inside oh And here, then, he begins, he enters... product presentation He just finished talking about his method and stuff, go ahead. presenting the product will go in there unique sales proposal and it will go down all of this that we just saw So here we go, I'm from Andressa... creator of the Every Other Day diet And the diet: Every two days is the first. diet plan friendly lifestyle already created allows you, like all your Favorite foods still take up all the weight that you want, or rather, a unique proposal of sales reproduce It's a radically simple diet. employee for you even if you Having a thyroid condition is not a thyroid condition. bad net body sir vaccine of children, or rather, these are the children, right? the next one he imagines is there failing to achieve the results that He wants to, or do you think he's already tried? Of everything, now let me tell you what it is. A diet every two days is not the right time. qualifying Here it says here it is not just so you know exactly that You are about to experience It's not a fad diet plan for men. From Hollywood, you are not a solution of swallowing a magic pill that promises is The cake, you know, like, grab it without a playground. Give the eggs 50 minutes, just like that. You've lied before, haven't you? You've deceived yourself before. enough time for a solution that It works without tricks and definitely It's not a famine-and-feast approach. which can harm your health for months to diet diet Every two days, right? poorly produced and I found this metro name the result of more than 10 years of studies analyzed the main studies of a case of weight loss over the course most successful long-term result of all the times In addition to looking at the real reasons behind the failures from the diet and create a smart solution for the old problem of programs of easy diets for cramps in the style of life keep building lightning bolt he of the method from him and now, starting today, success Their success could also be your success. I duplicated the success patterns I studied. Success gives you freedom. easily build a diet plan tasty around your food healthy favorites along with their favorite foods cheaters equals their energy your weight increases, then it starts to decrease. constantly you yourself finally recovers life and the body that It deserves adjustment before we proceed that I will always be honest with you if are you looking for an answer to weight loss a magic pill some another plan that you already know will never So the page will work now, right? Look what you're doing. Okay. He's kicking people out of the club, right? kicking people out is what you're doing. there is a qualification there and that serves as a sales tactic because it passes a certain credibility, right, when you It's really pushing people away from you. product, are you really qualifying the people, the people who stay with you. They come, right? Saying, "Wow, is this it?" The guy who doesn't want to sell me the at all costs. No, he's being honest. Here he is being fair. Here are the criteria for his product. Don't leave this page now, this diet is... for men and women who are ready to set aside the answers miraculous but they still want the way more flavorful and to achieve weight loss In short, there is no long-term weight gain. Easy answers, however I did this. easiest possible direct plan but You're looking for the real answer. To lose weight, here's what... You can wait for whoever you want. eliminate 10 percent of body weight That starts with American fascination, right? but we stayed bands who do you want to eliminate by 10 percent? of your body weight the unwanted in Enjoy less than 30 days with family. favorites as it gets wider A healthy lifestyle ends up putting an end to the low level of illness. energy, you see, is always the elimination of pain linked to pleasure is something quick, something easy, something simple Get the body you want without... You will achieve this without That is always keep everything all your children of life to then do the 2-day diet It's not just a system for you, it's a The only system for you here are some photos before and after, right, the part about testimonies, they are quick testimonies. simple and direct welcome And now he begins here what is in product service not that is within the product of the product that they the guys Let's take a look at what you'll receive. within your copy of the diet Every two On page 17 you will discover the fundamentals my principle heat includes the exact timing of the strategy How do you use your favorite foods? to encourage faster weight loss of On page 32 you will discover the three. Diet plans are his specialty, he creates them. a curiosity of a mystery, right? He talks about what's inside. It increases curiosity about what's going on. inside but doesn't explicitly state that he doesn't. It's actually delivering content, that's what it's about. how to do it? He's saying it's there and and serves to further increase the I wish the person curiosities for the teacher On page 91 it will be presented to The only way to maintain your weight is this... It's a banner, right? Jon Colton Barry Roberts They do a lot of that, war Albert, several his letters, mainly from weight loss he does it measures To show is in this way what is inside. from the book he's selling over there The method that's selling now, right? 91 You'll see, you'll succeed. That's it, without needing that thing, in this a simple payment slip that gives you a tangibility there for the person rather than She's buying it to make fascination. not for the Kebab, that's what's coming next Piston Cup fascination for what it has inside the product and product itself And as you've probably already noticed, diet 2 days. It's by far the easiest direct route. Follow not here, what is he doing? doing it to emphasize the speed ease of the day as it allows her It allows you to consume family meals. favorites frequently preventing the A building like this is allowing greater Lifestyle freedom results They're going to happen fast too, right? Big A And indeed, many people use the name, right? The Mystery of name of that day that we saw they report who lose 10 percent of their weight body and desire in less than 30 days That's incredible considering that they are seeing these results experiences the transformation through eating is put the delicious food in one, right? person For someone to identify themselves there, right? Nobody? I wasn't going to put three steps here. salad, right? You have to put a pizza on it. cake, right? Now you can believe that the system can do so much for you would like one honestly, a cent Ultimately, it should be a system of thousands. of people like you losing free drawing activity, what is he doing? doing that means getting into the weight part. The price will be mentioned there, the first price. That's false, isn't it? It's a higher price than later. Decrease and add the bonuses you want. I'll get to the price in just a few In a few moments I want to share some other exclusive benefits that this unique system to provide you I'll give you the benefits there, you'll find out. The eleven lies, the new diet banner. Out of curiosity, right? He's increasing the... The fascinator is channeling its energies over there. for the product, right, increasing the radius there? of the product and increasing the value perceived by the product it will start exactly like this favorite paths at last I'm going in now, I'm going to enter the part. from the price now price Fall apart the price fake price bonus at a fair price fake price The course of loss in community policing. This is the reason for the discount and the price drop. the price of the diet system Every two days sold for this story valued At $97, it's not that much; you're not... only receiving diet system at home two days for the two days today only So, take off that presentation, right? He's giving him a reason to put the I'd like to give you a bonus These valuable bonuses are free. added to help with weight loss But then he adds the bonus with a price, right? then I'm going to do a stacking of If the price is right, now you can see why... two-day home diet system is valued at $97 even without the Okay, let's take a look at those. Here's a bonus that's interesting to see. right, because he says that good people should To complement the offer, then okay, so he has been offering a diet system let's go See what bonuses he's offering here. The perfect posture in 30 days, that is... Let's think about the audience, it's not an audience. obese people who want to lose weight are It's natural that people might feel pain. on the back feel that it has a good hardness That's bad, right? So he looks here, the good thing is... complementing the perfect posture in 30 days And the lies about cholesterol are not a... obese person, overweight person tends to have problems with cholesterol And about hormones too, right? The hormones you really need. to know about the natural health of Hormones are a kiss, right? The good ones, they are. They complement him, making him stronger. offers are problems that the person overweight, right? An obese person, she... She naturally faces challenges in life, right? So see how the bonuses annoyed them in And now you can see why the system The right to vote every two days is evaluated at 97%. Even without the bonuses, this is still a rip-off, right? Like, I don't steal here, right? What do you mean? That's a style, it's a bargain, right? And if... You purchased the bonuses on your own. that total investment today would be greater than 200, however, only by Watching this presentation today has a A much better deal is coming to you. she keeps insisting on the direction because no They will last much longer, of course you can. choosing only to continue on the path that it is now in the course of having you can choose to do nothing and pay ten twenty to 100 times more money in one near future in the form of more food dear ashes my always increase You will save money and food. Be More It's a benefit, right? Actually, you buy You'll get it from me by saving money, right? Hey hey, with those new clothes! It's not fun, new clothes, I understand. those that you are forced to buy as your hips thighs structures They keep getting bigger and bigger, we won't even... talking about medical bills at the time of The way he talks about this course... loss he makes an anchoring and of the course Let's not even talk about the bills and the loss. medical Cult medicine and breaks in work here inside master happened if you keep doing what you're doing I think the break here was... That's not what a production is. I want it for you, so let's do this tenth decision, very easy. Okay if you I deserve to know because if I pay attention... They offered such a big discount today. In other words, the reason for this is the motive. The discount doesn't let me share it with My dream about you is a cause, right? Look at the The mission, the reason, is always that in a cause. a mission called, right? a one Giving back to the world is a cause that I'm inviting you to participate along with thousands of others people with you, with you, who are ready to regulate your body and release energy replace ugly fat that drains health through a sexy producer of life and who eats Calories and muscle tone, oh my God! above all, share this new life and body with the world some years to set an inspiring goal from That will help me reach my goal, my mission, to become... I dedicated myself to helping, at least. 1 million men and women to lose lose at least 10 kg and maintain that 10 kg. Far from them forever since then I I helped thousands and thousands of better people and losing much more than just ten books Not so much, I thought that pounds is a Great start, because 10 minutes... well, finally. Here he is, he's giving us a reason, isn't he? He's putting together the narrative of this... his reason and find me here, the next item 1 Which means that today, after he gives All of that is his reasoning, and it means that today you will not pay the amount of Diet retail Every two days and the good And the bonuses aren't even close, right? That's what they're doing. three drops price reduction three drops That doesn't mean you won't go today. paying the amount is not the amount that He said it's not even close to that. Not even half, therefore investment today It won't be 217, nor half of that, not even 67 is lowering the price. the total investment today which includes system in the house two days of all The bonus you see above is just one. payment of just 47 dollars and he Put some Mooca weights there in the methods without a percent guarantee. Look at the... That's a seal, isn't it? How old is that? this course here, if I'm not mistaken, The mother is going to travel, at least it should be a Look, he's sleeping now, in a little while... In 2010, you speak when you spoke to The question about the ET order is this, I went to give it. Take a look here and do some research. I really think it's 2010/2010. What do you know, listening carefully, there it is, it's gone. There's a message here about an unstable connection. I see, look, nothing, but now then he enters, it's not a payment of 47 I enter natrips warranty in the warranty Tripe. Listen, decide now. Enjoy. my What happens when you have a business image? It glitches, let's go back to the original. then slide 361 a Don't decide now. Take advantage of my triple guarantee. Unconditional test only test test and this method for 60 days and see for yourself, right if you not losing all the weight you expect lose in these next 60 days or is Kissing time guarantees if that doesn't It happens, or if you don't lose by less than ten percent of your body weight desired in the next 30 days or... even if you don't like the way that the books were made from the source that I use it in the books, you said I will, I I'll see, I'll return all your money. Happy, you know I won't have it, there won't be. No problem if I return everything to you. all your money, no questions asked, no No problem. This is part 3 of the Collection. And he gave this call to action. So see. below this video now, right? When It starts right, Sally, click the button. orange that said add to cart to claim your price with Discount now you will join thousands of other hits bearing the name of Master of the Air: A Success Story method like Sara Scotch series here more It's a social test, but images Transformation and more, you act now. Before this presentation ends, I will... Play this unique Super Bonus worth plus 97 And just look at this Super Bonus – it's something else! IOF online virtual social networks I don't I don't know if it's like a course of courses. Free exercise, right? It's already started without... It seems to be a video course. ad Good morning, exercise in front for the Personal Trainer Delmon jeans and towers your total value is now over $300 more If you act now, it's all yours today. Just one payment in just 47 hours. Remember, it's not just a big... You're getting a great deal today! is participating in the largest movement of Weight loss story, right? So check it out! the idea of ​​a community movement of Belonging, right? Let's go together, right? Let's do it together. And you will be part of a community. increasing Lifestyle diet friends click on the orange button that said Add to cart to claim Your discounted price. Now you will have... immediate access to the entire diet system every two days and the bonuses and more your Free virtual trainer bonus Elevators $97 just for taking Immediate action today Here's what will happen next. that you click the add to button So here's where he does the process with the cart. first you will be taken to checkout our page to check the percentage It's certain that he'll post a screenshot here of People end up placing the order afterward. you can select the add-ons that prefers to help start losing weight even faster complements are probably in order I didn't understand, it just doesn't lift. I don't know, it doesn't even stay that way, just... Click the button that says Complete your order and finally you create your own unique Melo's account to access all of his In addition, I also have products some or hurt enter In addition I I also have some expressions. relational issues took a long time to end. Finally, you create your single account. de Melo to access all of his some additional gifts is so It's simple, so here he goes to part of pain and pleasure And remember that what you're doing is... Remembering to sleep is filtering things out. piercing of pleasure remember you is struggling with her weight loss because a long time and the pain of continuing A nation-state will only lead to more despair but that traction and continued weight gain, however All of this can change the moment that you begin to apply the principles this quick method, right, in the system of diets every two days the moment you finally have the The answer I was looking for was the photo. Here, Pixar is the one that means Imagine. Imagine the moment when you finally It has the answer you were looking for and It begins and the path to yours begins. baby, ideally you feel alive, full of hope and optimism, you see the weight leaving the bathroom mirror today all Mine, you see? Pleasure is the filter. Face in the present, right? It's the transformation in He's not present, you'll see him. He's telling you to see, you're seeing weight. stepping out in the bathroom mirror today and All of mine is you. experiencing the energy results vitality and renewal of life that you Yes, it's true that I finally deserve it. Your weight gain to date has not been your fault. Is it true that you were deceived by? all the fast pill solutions as Hollywood fad diets: the fake ones promises is It only seems that way, however, today marks its day to take responsibility Your day to take the reins of your life. to take the necessary measures to End the lies and start over. It's a real weight loss plan. friendly lifestyle and simple It works here reinforcing the guarantee is the On the contrary, these solutions make a difference. Try them. first for 60 whole days and they will see the The results you want, you don't pay for. nothing more than that, you are always there. minutes into something you've already heard talking about ordinary men and women People like you are the ones who become successful. Amazing! With the system and Dede here. Let's go back and have some additional testimonials, right? experts, a person stands up there Now let's hear from the experts. one testimony alone Going all the way to God, right? See below. From this video, now click the button. orange that says add to cart to claim the discounted price Now you will have immediate access to everything. without direct Every two days and all the bonus and more your bonus your Super Bonus 97 just to take immediate action Today, in part 5, we'll be talking about Action and... Sounds, actions and results It's exactly after what you're doing. doing a filter like that, but me too After you place your order, you need to... Download this quick start bi-day diet to lose weight in Next, go to the page, almost, right? Look at the... What, what, what is this in essence? He's making this delivery tangible. He said that the person is one click away from distance from the method he already is showing this to the person speaking to a person as if they already had a product. It's open right there in front of her, right? So... Next, go to page four to begin evaluation of diet validation this simple one-page variation will to ensure that you start on the plan of Diet is the specific DDD that is best Remember to consider your body type. with your quick start guide you will also receive the new edition complete tree order, that's yours easy to achieve for a loss system of friendly weight. In the style that's giving it a overview, right? It's doing that. mine and recapitulation of the offer At any time everyone falls asleep on That's right there, showing the bonuses here on perfect stitching, measurements, cholesterol natural hormones, right? Your manual for restoring your hormones has the day of Youth fat fills up and the Super Bonder demonstrator exercise is the exercise course Here are three reasons why you should... Act now, don't delay it any longer. Just a second, right? Here, only because first... Do you remember I lowered the price and...? more than half, however, eventually I'm going to raise that price back to where he truly deserves to be then Act now before that happens. Furthermore, you don't want to feel The generator has been excluded from my super bonus. exercises only the first ones to arrive will Guaranteed access Beja. That's the scarcity. from the Super Bonus, right? People will only tell you... Super Bonus selection through this presentation to explain now so no Don't delay, you'll be excluded, dude. otherwise no hair will fit in there. It's not about taking advantage of my Superman then. guaranteed access to it all the others They were out of luck, it was a bazaar, they like it. We won't forget to dance unless... Do you think now, today, that you'll never act? You can do what some people They postpone it for just a few more days. months later turned into a year. So let's get down to what you really want and The only smart thing to do is... You can do it now and take advantage of it. this limited-time party While you can still, and wisely, enter into the right path for a healthy journey Simple and user-friendly way to lose weight today. Click the button, it's the last one you'll have. Click the "Add to cart" button. And let's begin now, now, Neto Não Do it here, look there. Frequently Asked Questions but if you are still watching I may still have some questions. These are the most common questions that can be asked. turn the doors open for the rooster That son And here you can narrate, right? Or maybe... can put it in image format Remember to go along with your penis day. Do it, you'll also receive it here, more Once the overview is a recap, right? from the offer beyond the main product, right? What are you receiving in addition to the new edition of whatever that magazine is Your bonus, right? From posture cholesterol. I did quite a few exercises, however, without putting guarantee safety symbols here click on Click the "add to cart" button and let's go! chat now Okay, that's it, the end of BSL. The end of PSL, end of content here in... Damn, we covered 73 more slides! 454 cities a great opinion And as always, Gabriel Andradina Street organization between a presentation and see that it is work of Making sugar is concentrated there in The battle is great, bringing this content to guys and at the same time leaving the I have any more questions. observation Even more so in this part of then I told myself some comments it is not and someone raised their hand during the presentation and I said that I would answer later at the one I didn't touch. I forgot who was thinking about the reasoning. For relevant reasons, Duda, you weren't the one. Wilson Massad, who raised, I think... He stood up and without wanting to get up, but if you want to get up again What do you think of my trigger? Part of it works or is it worth it? I remembered. that the message from the beginning itself, man, I No, I basically don't talk about mental trigger and moment and I will To continue without talking about a vision is to the following trigger when I think about trigger is that kind of trigger-type vision and Shoot water, you press stop. Then it is... that vision of it seems that when you It works, okay, and I don't have that. perception of no moment and no part of COPPE in that current issue. Here I'm going to put a curiosity. Here I'm going to post a story, like nothing. It comes out in my view untied and precise. Be careful about where you go. place one where you're going to put the things you're thinking of putting in bag then following a structure and then you evolve untying the structure a little bit so that you can start playing What What you're going to put excitedly is in My perspective. This mental trigger vision. she's kind of disturbed in the sense that It seems that the one who posted magic, yes. Now that I'm going to post something new... that it had a button, I don't think so. It's telling me something I'm thinking about. that these are the facts that the Gabriel mentioned the time when they are more... other facts that the father used as Alter Ego is more about outings than he is He mentions this very quickly in the book, but he... doesn't explore much and that combined with The Four of these three elements that you You'll see me saying it, but it's not that one. vision of going here in nothing you download from Chico Xavier, almost nothing here I I'll put what's new, I don't have it. time, because everything is right there in that At that moment, I didn't get the trigger. Today I'm going to put a curiosity about... Nothing of the sort came from your head, I don't. He believes in this vision, so that's why... I don't, you won't hear me talk about little kitty, it's a little bit like that right now. my PC from São Paulo, I don't know if I I would tell you that the most nonsense exists. a structure behind it in Brazil popularized this issue of shop windows Christmas calm launch more exists a narrative behind it, that's what it is. stacks there of sequences of things that you say but at the same time Someone called this mental triggers. So I don't even know if Robert himself Cialdini calls this mental triggers. I have a slight feeling that I don't Correct me if I'm wrong. And if you stop to think about it, man, they They're there, that copycat stuff, they're there, right? In a natural way, for example, is when right there at the beginning, in the struggle, you know? The copy. She promises you tips and such. promises to deliver valuable information to you. because right after that, he asks for the reader, for the person to continue why does he ask for it at the Coop? a person mentally agrees, right? to stay there at the Coop, for example. I'll tell you this, this, this, but stay Stay here with me until the end of the video. agreed, that's reciprocity, that's the The gas of reciprocity here at the end. when he talks about the issue of Community, right? I even think that. even one is a new trigger for this new version of the Cialdini book if I don't This new version that came out is a mistake, if the technical book there Hey son, if I'm not mistaken, he... added this new trigger of sense of community Well, if we pay for this copy... I'll read it again from beginning to end. I'm sure you'll find all the triggers there. inside it, but that doesn't mean John blessing was there thinking ah I'm going I'm going to put this kitten here. That little kitten over there, just like Paulo said, isn't... a natural thing even when old is a question that goes in the flow there of your communication process of your process I think persuasion is important. Do you know if Cialdini's book is by I think? I think it's a very good book. That's very important to know, right? for everyone, especially those who are just starting out even for those I might already know the copyright information there. I have more time but I think you've never read a book. a very interesting book has really cool information about food and me I think it's important for you to know that There is a focus on knowing that they They exist and how they kind of work. That's how it works in practice, but don't get too rigid. in wanting to fit them inside the cup wanting to put them in a way unnatural in that part of the text And this is my view on science without it. João Paulo, I can conclude that the residence is better for level of education three and 44 vsl is not better for levels 12 theguy I could agree with your question. But at the same time, be careful with this view of what level 12 is... because you are careful not to want to fit something that at level 1 and 2 one Something that's already kind of like that, you know? Pay attention to that, to what you're doing. What do you think, at level two then? I'll use it if it works, not my vision, my My perspective is that I already have a tendency to think... at the mechanism level, it's there to do for give a clear justification for why The person is able to reach the result. desired, in my view, is based on a friend of the mechanism like that for me especially with the advertising crowd This vision of air writing in three large niches take clothes three large niche no longer level 12 ah the decade a from the moment you see different solutions to solve a Problem? You're already at level 3 with this of mine. In conclusion, there are two trenches at the same level. Tec, I'm already in the game. Thinking about powder is the best thing then. Be careful with that view of wanting fit things that you think you You think you're at level 1 and 2, but if you to write something superficial about the market He's already married, so things are different. different solutions. Be careful. Mission one: Take a breath in Your perception there instead of trying to do something more geared towards a single mechanism Trying to fit the tire is a real pain. What? that the person did not have results before Could it be that she never tried the question? I wonder if she's going to get fuel from inside. never stopped to think about something in São Paulo laughs, she already tried to save money. fuel card you will get one He never tried anything, so in my view... This level 12 is that person's vision. What kind of person has never tried anything or isn't... Give me a solution to solve that. The problem is that they don't know of any solution. then you can play that solution in promise book no It matters if it's offline or online. It doesn't matter if it's physical or digital if the That person is already trying to resolve that pain. some of the existing solutions in My vision here is Beyond Level 3 for If only one, pay attention, there's no need. To present what I'm saying as truth. Absolutely, but mine is the way it is for a while. as I see it and I think it makes sense to them to finish my song form without the taxi already Y However, everything comes out of the pool without And if anyone wants to ask a personal question... Please ask her to call the kitchen. so that people don't lose the questions in Recording: Because it's important to us. It's recorded because the chat here doesn't what appears in the recording is If someone doesn't shut it down, we will Hey guys, so everything alright? I think that's it. people It ends here if something else comes up. doubt, but two messages on the ground. In final settings, which one is which? do you prefer I'm not going to give my thoughts. finals here clearly the general structure of RMBC for What made more sense to me is a structure. a more complete, a more robust structure a structure with fewer holes, right? Or to be honest, I don't see. There are holes there, right? Maybe Paulo can see them. some hole some flaw some could to be complemented there in that future of RBC, to me, seems like a very simple structure. Robust from start to finish but that doesn't mean that either structure of the Tron, may blessings be upon all. A useless structure is not the way to go. None, like I said. especially in this part of the offer I I think it has good approaches. There are techniques you can use, right? compose your party in the way that You present your offer, I think that There are some good points aside from the offer. in the story part too, right? Vital connection. Yeah, I like it there, it gives that... approach to the bad part of the very part That's bad, isn't it? I think it could be good. I worked on this, man, it's a story. in that sense, as Paul says, right? The hero of the copy is not the hero of your copy. It's history within history, just a vehicle. which will lead to the mechanism but looking only at the construction aspect I think that's an approach to history itself. Cool, how he teaches. Nightmare story Yes, but what this part of the tips doesn't say I think they like it. Not very efficient. I think the market... Generally speaking, it's already too much. mature enough for this idea of ​​three out of 15 I don't even want to know about three out of 15, I didn't even watch. Watch me for half an hour of video to receive three little tips there apart from That cycle is also a problem, isn't it? out of consideration, they're a bit of a somewhat childish as well In most cases, it's something that already... The idea of ​​"they are" is kind of outdated. deceiving The industry made you believe that. Pharmaceuticals, the government, the Communists Oh, I don't know. I don't really like that. approach Well, in general, that's what I... I take away the legal aspects of this structure. primarily an element of the supply and perhaps some elements there from the folder of Vital connection can be well utilized. also and from the part of John Benson that I carry so That's basically what's interesting. perception of Use a little more NLP in communication. to help the person continue in COP and at the same time it is Because I'm an engineer, right? an extremely analytical guy, so I to bring this perspective a little more connection with the person of Really, I don't... I'm not... each paragraph, each paragraph, I don't to be so straightforward, so direct, but at the same time time or bring these devices divisions slightly more than five senses seven cardinal sins of actually spinning a connection with the person, this country, that That's what I take away from the big, big conclusion. vision with I'm seeing things from John Benson, yes, you realize that not only based on the structure, but if you watch some interviews with John think Watching a week go by here is with Gemma is You can see that even in the way he speaks. I think it's too contrived, I think it's too I think the surface above is too cold and superficial. crossing even the way of speaking no I believe he is like that on the day A day at home with the Spirit of bread. Lentino, the person is unable to get it right. greased in a way that is very much like NLP. I think it gets too heavy. it goes beyond what you know but I I have the tendency to pick up on those points from him Days to create more connection with the person when I'm writing to do she will stay along the Coop Tá but to At the same time today, I don't sleep at 22. I believe so, and for more markets. sophisticated, especially that one. he that display of making money and And fitness is the market, it's already there. really much more advanced than the Its structure is designed so that both of them sit down. side by side gives a day oh Stephanie and John Benson wrote a copy of weight loss In my opinion Stefan dinner the Tombense of my result That's my opinion, but at the same time it's a little... So, with that perspective, I could think of it this way. For example, you're trying to win Stefan has muscle mass, he would be gym with training and uncle's blessing would be I would use creatine in those pinches. that you give that extra bit that you give for your copy and exit a note 88 and a half and 19 and 25, you understand, it's that one. that one increased retention that you give that The calls you make make me... to make your a little more fluid communication in my view today, John Benson still does what it is well. neurolinguistic programming issue But as Gabriel mentioned several... The park has a lot of things there, from João Benção. that it fits within the structures of Stephanie's structure then helps I'm missing my opinion, but... at the same time a little bit in that part of offer a line that's at least similar there Then Gabriel even played something. Interesting, Bia, something like that. something impure in the RBC's view and maybe you don't have it, even a little. That, to me, is courage, and that's what Don Biel... They do more than I do in my My own. I don't remember hearing the... Stefan talking about this here on my vision Price anchoring doesn't start with... feet that she begins in the part of the story of everything, and especially when I try in enabling solutions that are more faces more than the one I want me to I want to offer it at the end, so I already I bring the vision of not only that solution. of trials and failures they do not it works by a certain method more From there I've been bringing one I have a vision that costs a lot, but I could afford it. that value, but I think that now, then I'm already bringing that up in my head... person, this question of whether there are others solutions that are expensive, that's what you get. It makes sense to pay at the same time not only for that sometimes also the line in the part to show the unique mechanism of the solution in that sense, depending on the type Depending on what you have, growing up you have other situations It could be cavities, I emphasize this in beginning of my irresistible offer at beginning of my offer after I I'll talk about your product, I'll talk about the proposal. The only one of value trying to tell you, disgust. There's a part of heaven here, and you come back. In making solutions viable, I would emphasize that They are not only among the other solutions They work, but they are also expensive. at the same time, that's something I I do it this way, I consider it more than that. I believe that everyone could do that. to do in the sense of not just tying one It's false courage to anchor yourself in 3D. Sometimes Marquinhos is the one who told you, right? Like He kicked it. And you think being careful... so that your vision of corals doesn't become false. Like Gabriel said, and I've heard it before too. I took a courageous exam 34 years ago. kind of ridiculous like that and at the same time if The person thinks that you somehow trying to go back there or she says she somehow believes that You're saying that cup, you lost it. person you lose in the excitement of wanting to have access to your mechanism If you want to buy the product, then be careful. with this view of a Facebook 83 1243 if the person thinks that the nonsense is "You lost" So pay attention. This view of the people arrive here at my offer with thirty percent of the retention but then after I say Pit, the person is like this per cent for once you're doing You have no courage, you piece of [ __ ], understand? Pay attention to this, okay? We're going to... Courage can be built up right now. From behind, it is, and at the same time, since way back there. thus, from well before, regarding the same. Time, stay alert in this vision, day for not bring that perspective of "I could" to charge for coconut seed, perhaps prefer not blushing at the sight of a present that Learn English from a course that costs a poor person R$ 200 per month for an exchange program to Ireland. Here's a suggestion of R$10,000. Maybe it's more. Interesting, you're trying to copy that. the way you bring the vision of the how much could you charge that How much could you charge for your perception? But it's not the expensive perception that you choose. He might think you're trying to... pass it to the back somehow but that you grab the person then it becomes a I think I haven't spent much time with it for a while, but it's a... Something interesting about devices in meetings with someone who can do There's a group of people here that I think... who does not participate in the meetings and So It has to have that anchoring part there. I was going to say that when Gabriel was there. speaking there about a courage not close But it's something interesting to see if... I can help you contribute. And now, hello, let's wrap things up here, bro. It's for those who... I believe it doesn't exist. This person is inside, but for whom? He's here, he doesn't know his job, does he? You know your new community, right? you posted it there recently Give a few words and the people like How can they find you? How do they... They can also be part of your