I'm going to show you John Benson's VSL script in this video. He's one of the world's greatest copywriters. His offers and copy have generated millions of dollars online. He even invented VSL, just so you know. If you don't know what VSL is, it's an acronym for Video Sales Letter, which translates to a video sales letter. It's a video with the objective, as the name suggests, of selling something – a solution, a service, a product – it doesn't matter. John Benson is truly amazing. I'm going to show you this script in this video; I use it in my company to create my offers and put a lot of money in my pocket, as you can see on my phone. Commit to watching until the end of this video because I'll show you how to download this script, this template, and use it yourself. Look what I'm going to show you now in this video: This is a goldmine! If I had known this when I was starting out years ago in the digital market, I would have saved a lot of time and... Earning money much faster is what I'm going to show you here. It 's simply a complete script with examples of how you're going to build your VSL using the John Benson model. These are the five major steps of a six- figure sales copy, and it's separated into pattern breaking, big connection, big problem, big solution, and big offer. Don't worry, it's very easy to understand. I'll show you practical examples now so you can start writing your copy today. Adapting the script and VSL, follow the content closely because throughout the video I'll show you how you can access this script and then download it to use in your products. Okay, so we're going to start with pattern breaking. And this part is separated into two parts, 4 in five. Pattern breaking, the first one here, we can start by making a totally counterintuitive phrase, and I 'll show you an example here now. But I want you to understand that when you start a VSL, a sales video, not just a sales video itself, any type of copy, we will always first seek to grab the person's attention. That's the initial objective because if... If we don't get our lead's attention, they won't consume the rest of our copy, our sales letter, our VSL. Consequently, our VSL, however incredible it may be, will be useless if the person doesn't watch it. So, here's the pattern break. What is a pattern break? It's precisely showing something counterintuitive, something that grabs the person's attention. The person is like, "Wait, what's happening here?" Today, in this social media age, there's a huge competition for attention, which is one of the biggest assets, if not the biggest asset, in our current reality. So, the first objective here is to get attention. And to get that attention, we can start with a completely counterintuitive phrase. For example, here's a J who threatened to kill me if I didn't pay that debt. Little did I know that would be the best thing that ever happened. So, like, how so? You know, it's very counterintuitive. Another thing you can do is make an absurd promise: $ 37,452 per month just by clicking buttons. Well, I'll prove to you how it's possible to have that in the next 24 hours. Another way is to touch on a strong point in a story, and this... The strong point is that you have to develop this story better throughout your VSL, and here's an example: "No, I can't believe it, Pedro, you bastard!" That was me, devastated. In this case, a woman is saying, "I caught my husband in bed with another woman, and little did I know that this great disappointment was the best thing that ever happened to me." So, like, "What? It's the woman being cheated on, the best thing that ever happened?" The person gets curious to try to understand what's going on. Here are three examples of breaking the pattern. You can start making promises later, and then comes the unique selling proposition. And when I say unique selling proposition, I mean, your product has to deliver something that no other product delivers, and not only in terms of content, but you also have to show your product in a unique way because that way you'll take the idea away from other competitors. That's why we talk a lot about unique selling propositions and also unique selling mechanisms. That's not all they're for, but that's one of the objectives. And here's an example: how to quit smoking in 12 days without suffering withdrawal. It deactivates the addiction mechanism in your brain and stops you from smoking in 48 hours. Here's another example: Reinforce the benefits, and then the script, you'll follow the order as I'm showing you. In this first one, I gave you three examples of how you can start; you can choose one of them. Then you'll make a promise, and you'll reinforce the benefits and the ease with which the prospect can apply what they see in the video. So basically, here in the Lead, which is the beginning of the VCL, we have to sell the idea that our VSL, our video, is very good and that they have to stay there to watch it until the end because they will have the solution to their problem. That's basically it. And here's an example: this will work even if you've had this addiction for 20 or 30 years, even if you think it's impossible, because as soon as you discover this secret, you will never again feel the need to smoke. This is an example, right, from the niche of those who suffer from a cigarette addiction, simply because they will learn how to install a new addiction in its place, a very positive addiction. Then we'll move on to scarcity. Reinforce the why. So, this needs to be seen now, man. What I'm about to show you is really awesome. Watch this video, and look, it has to be now because it's going to be taken down later. And here are some examples: big tobacco companies are organizing to take down this site. After all, with information of this level spreading, it means millions less for these companies' coffers. So watch this video now while it's still online because it could be taken down at any moment. Another example: many investment companies and large banks are denouncing the company that hosts this site so that this video is removed. After all, the information I reveal here would make anyone give up investing in their products, causing them to lose millions. After we create this scarcity so the guy doesn't watch this video until the end, we have to tell him that what I'm going to show you here is different from anything you've ever seen. And how can you do that? By reinforcing the importance of watching the video until the end, here's an example: that's why what I'm going to reveal here has never been shown before. After all, this would generate immense repercussions, right? A somewhat random example here, but it's enough to show you. Okay, so you have an idea, let's make a deal, that's the next step. And here, our goal is to get the person to respond with three S's. This is neuroscientifically proven: when we agree with something three times, the chances of agreeing a fourth time are much higher. It's almost like human behavior tends to repeat patterns. So, what's the idea here? To activate reciprocity because you're willing to tell the secret they're going to discover. And then the three C's, right? The three S's. So let's make a deal: I'll show you everything in this short video, and you stay with me until the end, okay? Can I count on you? So, even if the person does n't say it, subconsciously their brain is agreeing if everything you're showing makes sense to them. So here, in the pattern break, in this initial lead, what do we sell? Watch this video because it will change your life, and you have to watch it now! This here we call the Lead; it's the most important part of the VSL. If you fail here at the beginning, everything else will fall apart. I really like making VSLs where everything is the same. But the beginning, the pattern break, I do it differently, I change the Lead from the VSL and it seems to completely renew the great connection. Now here we're going to get into the story part, and the story that will sell our idea, our product, I'm going to show you now. Okay, okay, our story is separated by plausibility, transition to the story. Everything was beautiful, the bad part, the even worse part, the declaration of dependency. This story here that John Benson uses is very similar to the Hero's Journey, in case you've heard of it, and it follows this line of reasoning. Here in plausibility, you have to give logical, statistical, and scientific arguments to support your promises because, of course, it's no use just promising; the person won't believe it. You have to prove it, and that's the hardest part. So, for example, making money selling something is directly linked to you having a product and offering it to people, right? This part I 'm showing specifically is very cool because we're going to work with a belief that the person already has with something that is logical, and when you grab the logic, you make the person agree with you very easily. Because it's obvious, and you kind of take that logical idea that they already have, that belief that's already installed in your lead's head, and you just transfer it, convert it, channel it towards your product, you understand? I'll show you some examples here. Okay, you know you need to sell something, right? Directly linked to having products, offering them to people, right? Now imagine if you could offer your product to 100 times more people than you're used to showing it to. You would have a much greater chance of making much more money, wouldn't you? That's the power of the internet. You can show your message to many more people and close many more deals. In other words, you used a plausible logical argument. Here's another example: according to an American study, seven out of ten couples who separate report that one of the main reasons for the separation was the lack of quality sex. Our brain is pre-programmed for survival. Another example, this is proven when you get a fright: your pupils dilate, your body stiffens, your tension increases 5, 10, 20 times. Notice your brain. It immediately releases electrical impulses and hormones that cause your body to react with the urge to smoke. It's the same thing when you experience the craving for a cigarette; hormones are being triggered by your brain. So the secret is in using the right stimulus to release the hormones that will make you no longer want to smoke. Here are some plausible, logical examples. And once you give these arguments, we transition to the story. You start a story that will show the application of your secret. Your secret is often linked to your unique sales mechanism. And here, just so you understand how you can start this story: today I 'm known as Doctor So-and-so, and I help millions of people solve such-and-such problems, achieve such-and-such desires, but I wasn't always this person so many years ago. You can start a story; do n't ramble on, be direct. There's no need to fantasize too much because there's no need. The more direct, the better. Also, when you review your COP (Competition, Copy, and Page), there's a really good exercise where you try to say as much as possible with as few words as possible. This will make your COP effective and efficient. You 'll say a lot with few words, it will be easier for the person to accept your offer, that way they'll buy from you. Everything was beautiful, the connection with the character. I had everything an ordinary person desires: a good job, a good house. They were the dream couple, they seemed made for each other. These are two examples I've shown. Then comes the bad part of the story: something bad happens, something the Avatar went through or is going through. Now, this is where we're going to make the person connect. Until one fine day I felt a sharp pain in the middle of my chest, a second before fainting. I glimpsed the pack of cigarettes on the table, and all I felt was deep regret. Me, a young man of 32, dying from a stupid addiction. So, this is a critical moment in the story. The guy is going to die after our date night. Pedro suddenly tells me, "Honey, we need to talk." He said he wanted some time, and worse, he was talking to another woman. So this is another example from the relationship niche. Another example: I lost my job and found myself without options. What was I going to do? How was I going to pay the rent and the bills? I needed to do something. So here's another example of someone who, for example, needs money. Then comes the part that's even worse, because things are going to get even worse, and your story has to follow this idea: after about 25 minutes, when I opened my eyes, I saw my son Enzo holding my hand and pleading so I wouldn't die. I ran after him, did everything I needed to win him back, but nothing worked; he was getting further and further away. Another example: after 45 days, the frustrated search for a new job. Then the worst happens: I receive a notification saying that if I don't pay the rent within the next 30 days, I will be evicted. So, in other words, the situation was bad, which is the bad part, the nightmare, but it gets even worse. And then, in our story comes the declaration of independence, divided into three parts: the character decides to change, or something happens and saves the character (the one narrating the story), or it's the character's happy ending through the application of the secret he discovered, which you will reveal in the next few seconds, next few minutes. Examples here: character decides to change. What kind of father am I? This is an example of cigarettes. Because of a stupid craving, I would leave my son alone. That's when I decided to quit smoking, out of love for my kid, out of love for my son. Another example: That's when I realized the magnitude of the problem and at the same time became extremely angry. How could a guy like me, who isn't stupid, not have a penny in my pocket? That's when I decided to put an end to that situation and looked for everything there is to earn money from home. After all, I wasn't getting anything on the street. Another example: Then something happens. Me and Salv, the character, I really wanted to, but it was very difficult. My body wanted the cigarette more than anything, but I was strong. Thinking about my son gave me the strength to quit. But it was at a family party here at home that I panicked because of a cigarette lit by my brother-in-law. My God, my body short-circuited. My despair was easily noticed by Ricardo, a friend of my father-in-law whom I had never seen. He came to me and showed me the solution to all my problems. In other words, in this case, in this example, the Avatar himself doesn't find a solution. Another person comes and saves him, finds the solution for him, you know? And that was it. In this frantic and desperate search that I found, there's the secret, anyway, it's however you prefer to say, finally here, the happy ending of the character through the application of the secret using such a method, I don't know what, I do n't know what. And then here, well, you use a lot of curiosity and at first everything seemed very strange, I stopped smoking and didn't feel anything, how was that possible? Cool, right? That's why it happens, when a person sees this, they get curious to understand what this solution is, and you're kind of stirring their curiosity, and that will open a loop in their head and will make them stay focused on your VSL to understand what the outcome of this story is, you understand? And then you increase your retention. And logically, then you'll sell more. That's when my eyes widened and I couldn't believe it, I had just done a day that I earned in a month, okay? This happened to me too, real life, okay? And anyway, continuing, after the declaration of independence, we come to the big problem, and here the big problem and the big solution is the unique mechanism, but separated into two parts: the mechanism of the problem and the mechanism of the solution, okay? And then here we... First, we'll talk about explaining the problem and the big lie. We're explaining again why that's a problem, a fatal mistake the prospect makes, reinforcing the plausibility. Here, we're going to focus a lot on the root cause idea. It's like this: look, you've never been able to solve this problem because you're actually trying this, but the real cause of the problem is this. So you have to attack this, not this. That's more or less the idea. This varies a bit from niche to niche. I'll show you some examples of how you can apply this. Having seen this happen to me, I realized that what really makes you money isn't how much you work, but how. After all, I used to work 8 hours a day and earn a salary. I traded time for money. Here it's different; I trade products for money. In other words, I can sell 1000 products and have a very large scale, right? That makes sense too. Another example: at this moment, I understood that I was a hostage to myself, to my body. I did what my body told me to do. The urge to smoke appeared, and I gave in. When I learned how, I started using tools to control my mind. That's where the game... It turned out perfect. Okay, then we come to the big lie, to show or remember the story that what you believe to be an absolute truth is actually a lie. I'll give you an example here, let me see if this is it: the fault lies with someone else, it's not your fault. What's the idea here? It's basically like this: look, it's not your fault. If you haven't made money online yet, it's because most gurus only taught you how to press buttons. What you really need to do, the root cause, is that you don't know how to sell, you don't know how to communicate persuasively. That's exactly why, okay, this happened to me too. That's exactly why I thought about focusing on the copywriting part, because that's exactly what would make people find my products and make sense in solving their problems. That way they would want to buy my services, my solutions, and that's how I would make money. So, whatever the root cause, in this example I just gave, and it's a real example, is that everyone only knows how to press buttons, upload ads, create a website, and so on, but they do n't know how to communicate persuasively. When you... Learning to communicate persuasively is key. That's when you'll actually start making money. That's basically the logic, and in this part of the story we say, "Look, it's not your fault. Nobody ever told you that. Now that you know, if you don't take action, then the fault will be yours, understand?" It's really good to do this. There's a copyright-free American writer who talks a lot about this issue I just mentioned, and it's really good and makes perfect sense. It's very important to include this in your offer. Okay, so let's move on to the fourth step, which is... The big solution, we talked about what the root cause of the problem was. And logically, this will connect with what the solution is. In this example I gave about making money online, most people don't get results because they don't know copywriting. What is the logical solution? Learn copywriting, and then you present your product, your solution. Do you understand? So let's go, let's show what will actually make them get results. Content about what, not how. For example, I can tell you here, well, you have to learn copywriting. To learn copywriting, it's important to know what you need to know. You need to know about the level of market sophistication, the level of awareness, how to grab people's attention, how to create a good script, how to do market research. The "how"—you do n't know. I'm telling you what you have to do, but the "how"—because I 'll tell you, "Look, you have to do this, this, this." You'll be thinking, "Okay, I have to do market research, but how do I do that, Bruno?" Then, "How will your product, the solution, be?" I just gave you an example here, right? And how would that look? What about... The key to having a man who is 100% committed is always making him feel useful. When he feels he has completely won you over, he settles down. I want an example of this: remember the beginning of the relationship where he did everything for you? It was after discovering this that I realized the great secret: I didn't need to have the best product and rely on luck, the famous word of mouth. I could create my own luck simply by showing my product to many people. Here are two examples, and here's another one, which is the transition now to the big offer. Your success story spreads. And then you start helping people close to you, and then, like some examples, this secret began to spread rapidly. After all, Marcelo, your first client, showed these techniques to his acquaintances, and they were shocked by the power of it all. And then came the emergence of a method. My phone wouldn't stop ringing—for example, my phone wouldn't stop receiving messages from people who also wanted to know more about the XYZ method. And another fact here is that many people asked about a copywriting course, and that's real. That's why I ended up creating copywriting training. Okay, after having... Mentoring several people privately, I discovered that most people don't know how to sell online, they don't even know how to create a decent ad. That's precisely why I created the 7D Cop training. The training is in the description. Also, before I continue with the script, if you want to download it (it 's free), download it and use it in your offers. If you 're not subscribed to the channel, you have to subscribe, leave your like on this video, and your feedback below so I know if this content is really adding value and helping you. You also have to share this video on your Instagram Stories and tag me. If you don't do that, if you don't meet these requirements, I can't send you the file. Okay? You have to fulfill all of them, okay? Oh, Bruno, I don't want to appear on camera, I don't know who shares on Stories, I don't have Instagram, I think a relative does. You have to share on Stories and tag me. Okay, so you're following. And here's an example: my phone wouldn't stop receiving messages from people who also wanted to discover the XYZ method, and it was at that moment that I focused on organizing this knowledge and... Helping more people at the same time. After all, I didn't have time to attend to everyone anymore, and when you have a lot of people wanting something, you realize, "Wow, I have to develop something to help these people," you know? That happened to me too, right? That's the example I gave you of the COP 7D copywriting training. Finally, we come to the big offer, which is the last stage, and it's also divided into several parts. And here we're going to start talking about our product, our solution. Okay, you notice that we made a transition. We start by talking about something transitional to our product, starting with the Lead, going to the Background Story, entering the unique selling mechanism, and making the transition to the offer. That's more or less the line of reasoning. And in this first part, we're going to make our big promise of the program and how we can do this. Well, because so many people asked, I decided to create the COP 7D training program, method X, Y, Z, in short, a step-by-step method for you to, for example, learn copywriting in just S days and create offers with multiple S digits. That's the promise of my product, your unique proposition. Here you 'll put... Does your beauty really work? Does that make sense? And will it really work even if you don't have much time? After all, it's only x minutes a day, even if you're poor or don't have money, you know why? Because it's not about physical attributes, it's something that goes beyond that, it's about how they will see you. Here 's an example of relationship building: showing that because you have the knowledge, you've organized the method that will make the prospect achieve that result easily. This is very important, after all, it's years of research and application with real people like you, meaning you're not a guinea pig; other people have already tested this product before. Deliverables: what's inside the method? List the modules of your product and in each module emphasize the result it will bring. Always include promises with attractive titles and always focus on the benefit and not the features. If you want a video of me talking about features versus benefits, you can put it in the comments below. Okay? But a quick example here is this car has 2000 horsepower, like I saw in a video on the internet, the guy's TR had 2000 horsepower. Damn, 2000 horsepower is a feature. Now I take that same car and say to the person... This car here goes from 0 to 100 in 3 and a half seconds, that's a benefit, you understand? Do you understand the difference? If I say it has 2000 horsepower, that's a feature, and if I say it goes from 0 to 100 in 3 seconds, that's a benefit. Okay, that's an example here. If you want me to talk more about this and how it will impact your offers, leave it in the comments. Okay, if it's already there, put it again because I want to know that there are a lot of people wanting to know about this subject. Now I want to show you all the content in the program, etc., etc., etc., etc., etc. You 'll learn how to activate intense fat burning. In this module, you'll learn exactly how to activate the key that will make your body a fat-burning machine. The three secret foods to increase fat absorption fivefold. You will finally discover how to use this weapon in your favor. If you combine everything you learn with nutrition, the result will be surprising. Okay, here you focus on the benefits, talk about the deliverables, make the first anchoring, and what kind of anchoring is it? Price, right? Opening the loop. Seeing all this, you must have realized... How powerful will everything you'll have inside this program be? That's why you must be wondering how you'll get access and how much it will cost. After all, it's very valuable. Look at all the incredible things I'm going to give you! This is more or less the idea of understanding that the product could cost a lot because of the results it can deliver. And to tell you the truth, your product really has to be worth what you say it is. If you're not honest in your offers, people— first of all, they're not idiots— will know you're lying. So always be honest, okay? Because when you're honest, people will see the truth in your eyes when you create your offers, and that way you'll sell a lot. When you try to deceive people, it won't work; at some point, it will fall apart. So always do your work honestly and correctly, and there's no mistake. And here's what I mean by "give the impression"—in fact, show the person that your product is really worth more than what you're offering. Understand? And here I'll show you an example. Before I tell you all this, I want to tell you that there's no price you can put on having a much better life. It's priceless to know you'll have much more time with your family, and this is true. Many people have told me they would pay R$1,000 for all this content. But anyway, tell me for yourself, how much is it worth? I'll give you an example, for instance, the COP 7D. The COP 7D, man, what I put in that training, I would pay R$5,000 or R$ 10,000 for because it's what I use today in my company and it makes me earn more than R$100,000 every single month. So, man, what's the value of knowing this information about COP? Well, man, this is worth much more money. But of course, we know that sometimes it 's not the right time for everyone, and to make it more accessible to everyone, we lower the price of the product. Right? And here you show that your product is really good. Then comes the social proof to show the person that other people have already tested it and it worked. Look what Bruno said, look, he said, anyway, then you show it there, and the pitch is "Buy now," right? Say and justify why you won't. Charge the proposed price and the actual price the product should be. Make three cuts in the price. Usually, people make three cuts. Hearing these stories of overcoming challenges makes me very happy. Here's an example, right? Because I remember how difficult it was, and how happy I was to have managed to lose weight and earn money. That's why, to help you, you don't need to pay R$1,000, not even half of that, which would be R$500, or even R$50. Now, in this part, say the installment price, then the cash price with the CTA (call to action). If you sign up today, you will pay only 12 installments of this amount, or just a single payment of this amount. Do you understand? This is more or less the idea. And then you can see the guarantee that you can test the product whenever you want, seven days a week, to test it and see if it really makes sense for you. And then you can make this decision without fear because you have a guarantee. I believe so much in the power of this method that I want to promise you that you will have 7 days, 30, 15, it doesn't matter, to test it. The method, and if you don't like it for any reason, you'll get your money back without any questions asked. Then you talk about the guarantee, and if you want, you can present some bonuses, complementary content to the offer, some bonuses that make a lot of sense, right? And here's an example: since you're on this page with the opportunity to join a unique and exclusive group of the Cop 7D program, for example, which is a weight loss program, I want to offer you five more bonuses. Then you talk about the bonuses, the promises, their benefits, then come three types of bonuses: future results bonus that reinforces the effectiveness of the method. For example, along with this weight loss program, I'll give you a technique I use to reduce body flabbiness. People who lose weight end up with flabby skin, so you'll also solve this problem that will arise in the future. This is an example: a bonus that overcomes objections. Oh, and for those of you who don't have time and think you can't learn in your English course, I'll give you audiobook material as a bonus so you can put it in your car while you're in traffic, and you'll be listening and learning English. This is an example of an objection-breaking bonus. And a perceived value bonus that makes the product seem cheap along with... This training will also include an exclusive 2-hour session where I'll hold your hand and guide you step-by-step to start making money online. So this is another type of bonus, and the purchase process involves teaching the person how to buy, showing the checkout page. Many times you miss a sale just because of technical issues. The person wants to buy, they believe in your offer, your product makes sense to them, but they do n't really know how to buy. And even today, believe me, I have many people who don't even know how to open an email properly. Many of my clients show a screenshot or video of the checkout, a description formula, and explain the purchase process. As soon as they click the button below this video, they go to a secure page. Talk about how and when the prospect will receive access to the product. Use persuasive arguments. A close-up—how ​​would this work? You have the freedom to insert this wherever you want. This usually goes towards the end. Your responsibility—until now you didn't know—is basically saying, "Look, until now you suffered with this problem, and you didn't know the root cause. Now you know." You have a better solution in your hands, so from now on, the blame is yours. So you have two choices: either you try on your own and probably give up, continuing the same life you have, or worse, you accept the better path, which will take a shortcut and get the COP training that will shorten your time and make you earn money faster. An example here in the COP course, right? The two only scenarios. It's a very similar idea, also future actions. And these future actions here also have a lot to do with that idea of ​​painting a dream picture in the person's head and showing them what their life will be like after they have your product and your solution. The only significant change is disposable income. And here you show the person how insignificant the value is. You can even compare the price of your product with other things they spend money on, like coming from a soccer field. And I'll give an example: there's a product that costs R$97, for example. Today, a pizza is usually around R$0, depending on where you live, so you can show them, "Wow, that's almost the price of a pizza." Okay, so here you're investing in your future, and you still have the option to say goodbye with a vision for the future and break old habits. Okay, this part here I don't use as much in the offer anymore, these last ones here and the queen are optional, but I use them, it's really cool. And here you answer the biggest doubts and questions, the biggest objections of your prospect, your lead. That's why, to write the copy, it's very important that you have done market research beforehand, because in this part you have to answer the biggest questions, the biggest objections that your prospect has, and break them down in a way that they really believe. And then finally you will finalize the script of the five major steps to create a copy worth more than six figures. This is the "how to speak" that I just showed you here. I have other template scripts on my channel that I teach, and I even suggest you watch them later, as they will really open your mind. There's one where I also talk about VSL Express, which is a VSL that's very popular right now and is converting quite a lot for us, right? The "how to speak" part I just... I'll show you, but what I'll say I didn't tell you in this video, and what to say you 'll only discover through market research. There's also a video where I teach you how to create a millionaire PLR ​​from scratch with incredible websites to mine offers, and in it I also talk a little about market research, and I'm sure that will help you a lot to know what you should say. And after you've done that research, then you already have the material, the ammunition in your hand. You can come here and organize everything you've studied in this script. Okay, if you want to have complete access to this script, this mind map that I just showed you in this video, you need to meet the requirements I mentioned. If you have any questions, just read the description here, there's a detailed step-by-step guide. And if you want to go deeper into the world of COP and want to learn how to create offers that will really put a lot of money in your pocket, offers with the potential to make more than seven figures online, I invite you to check out my COP 7D training. Inside, I show the step-by- step process on my computer screen, from beginner to... Advanced training will show you everything that really matters about the world of copywriting and persuasion, enabling you to present your product/solution to people in a way that makes sense to them. Consequently, you'll be making a lot of money from it. The link is in the description or pinned in the comments. I'm sure this training will help you. I'm Bruno Genes, and remember, you're a copy of becoming a millionaire.