SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2005/07-27-05.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:25
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

In this newsletter, we are going to talk about

what makes "Can You Guess Part II?" ("A Valentine For

Jessica") such a good piece of writing.

I've already given you the reason why Part I and

Part III of the "Can You Guess" series were so

successful. Remember... the answer

was...

Specificity

But that is NOT the answer with "A Valentine For

Jessica". And, for those of you who haven't guessed already,

it was me who wrote "A Valentine For Jessica".

When I wrote that little essay, I'm not sure

exactly why I did it. I think mostly I wrote it because so many

people were always commenting about "The Gary Halbert Style"

of writing. I think all good writers do develop a "style" of

their own. But I think what I wanted to prove was, a really

good writer could write in almost any kind of style and from

almost any kind of "voice".

What most of you perceive as my "style" is

what you read in my newsletters. But it's my conceit I could

write a romance novel for women, an action novel for men, a

"legalese" contract, an ad for the Surgery Eye Centers of

Tennessee, and a Valentine for Jessica... and... none of the

people who read each of those would ever guess they were

written by the same person.

When it comes to writing... especially ad

copy... the best writing of all is...

Invisible!

When

you are selling something, you don't want people to notice

your style. That's why I don't very often use graphics.

That's why I am (for the most part) against graphic

designers, website designers, photographs in advertising,

and so forth. What I want is people to read the sales

message... and... not get distracted by graphics, style,

photographs, music, or anything else.

Bob Dylan was interviewed on the TV show,

"60 Minutes" recently. He recited the lyrics from some of

his earlier songs. He then commented something to the

effect,

"Where did that come from? The lyrics were

absolutely magical. There was almost a cosmic aspect to

them."

He also commented he couldn't write like

that now since he was unable to access and tap into whatever

source it was that enabled him to write those lyrics.

Something akin to that happened while I was

writing "A Valentine For Jessica". I have read it and reread

it, and I honestly don't know if I could ever write like

that again. It seems to me (and I'll prove it very

dramatically a little later in this newsletter) it was an

extremely important piece of writing. Until recently, I

didn't know why it was important and for whom

it was important.

But I'll tell you what: As "New Agey" and

flowery and mushy as some people perceive "A Valentine For

Jessica" to be, I personally think it is a very straight

forward piece of writing. A marketing friend of mine emailed

me to say, as far as he was concerned, there was nothing in

that piece of writing for him.

He was correct. That piece wasn't written

for him.

You know, it's almost like I didn't write

that piece myself. It's almost like a "higher power" was

guiding my thoughts and my hands. It's almost as though I

were nothing but the "channel" through which an important

message was being transmitted. (This doesn't sound like the

same Gary Halbert you've come to love, adore, respect, and

despise... does it?)

Anyway, let's give this little essay a

surface examination. What we have here is a man who is

smitten by a woman and contrives to meet her. As she reveals

herself to him, he is enchanted. But, she is not enchanted

by him. And one day, she just evaporates from his life with

nary a backward glance. But, for the rest of his life, he is

unable to forget his meeting with this incredible woman.

I think things like this happen every day.

It reminds me of something I once read about a man who

traveled the world searching for the perfect woman. But alas,

when he found her, she was looking for the perfect man.

Anyway, the publication of "A Valentine For

Jessica" on my website has fetched me, what I consider to

be, the most precious testimonial I have ever received. And

don't forget, I'm a guy who has received tens of thousands

of testimonials and praise from people like John Carlton, David Ogilvy,

Jay Abraham, Gary Bencivenga and every other direct

marketing person of consequence. For some reason, I don't

publish most of my testimonials even in my sales pitches.

But, I want you to read this one and I think you will

understand why it is so precious to me.

Jessica learned to accept people and things as

they are and not try to change them into what

she wanted them to be.  The man is nameless so

he could be anyone - and he is most people.

That is the secret ingredient in this essay.

I have a

special insight into this because I have

Multiple Sclerosis.  Many people have told me

that I have given up but that is so not true.  I

have accepted - accepted what I can and cannot

do on any given day.  I am at peace with this

monster as Jessica is at peace with her life.

For 10 long years I have tried to decide what to

do with the rest of my life.  It came to me

almost in a flash.  I am going to write -

copywrite to be exact.  I am now absorbing

everything I can about this business.

I have no idea

how to market myself but I know it will come.

An idea will 'magically' pop into my head and I

will know what to do.  That is being at peace

with the universe and that is what the writer of

this article imparted so eloquently.

Cathy Perkins

Here's the truth: I, myself, did not know

what the "stand out" feature of my essay was until it was

clarified for me by Cathy Perkins. But I think if something

I write can touch someone suffering with the monster of

Multiple Sclerosis... and... can help clarify for her what

to do with the rest of her life... and... can give her faith

that an idea will "magically" pop into her head and she will

know what to do... and can put her at peace with the

universe... well then... I think I and whomever or whatever

guided my thoughts and my hand when I wrote "A Valentine For

Jessica" achieved something very

special.

In Cathy's reply to me she said,

"I have no idea how to market

myself but I know it will come."

Well, with the help of my friends, I intend to see that

perhaps "it" will come a bit faster for Cathy.

I Am Now Going To

Call In Some Favors

From A Few Of My Friends!

You know, that "call in favors" doesn't

sound right. In truth, I probably owe the people I'm about

to mention as many favors, if not

more, than they owe me.

I'm going to start with Scott

"Mongo" Haines.

Scott has recently completed the writing of

an amazing course called "Shortcut Copywriting Secrets".

So Scott, here's what I want you to do: I would like you to

mail a free copy of your absolutely great copywriting course

to Cathy Perkins. (I'll give you her address a little

later.)

Next up:

Gary Bencivenga. Gary, you've had some personal

experience with the uplifting feeling you get by helping

people who carry an unusually heavy burden. I'm asking you

to send Cathy, as a gift, some of your unique and amazingly

informative marketing instructional materials you have

created over the years.

And

how about John Carlton? It would a personal favor to

me, John, if you would send Cathy every back issue of your

terrific marketing newsletter and some of your other

materials.

Michel Fortin. Hey Mike,

by now you know the deal: Please send Cathy by email or

snail mail, anything you've created which might help her

with her new endeavors.

Ed Dale and Frank Kern.

I understand you've created an excellent product which tells

people how to inexpensively create little cash-producing

websites. I think Cathy deserves to get one of your courses.

Hey Joachim dePosada, Dan Kennedy, Brian

Keith Voiles, Joe Polish, Peter Stone...

Oh gosh darn it! Gosh darn it?  Is this ME, Gary

Halbert, writing or maybe I'm dreaming and somebody has

hijacked my website. Ah, whatever. What I want is EVERYBODY who reads

this

newsletter and who has created or possesses some marketing

instructional material... whether it's on copywriting,

Internet marketing, how to put up a website, anything at all which would help

Cathy... to send it to her...

Out Of The Goodness Of Your Heart

As A Free, No Strings Attached Gift!

And,

I'd like you to do this right away.

Here's what else I'd like: I'd like ALL of

you who gift Cathy with the type of materials I've just

described to email me and let me know you did so. I'd like to

know who you are and what you sent her. Who knows? If you do

this, maybe, just maybe, you'll get something special from

me in return.

If you have something Cathy can download,

you can email it to her at

[email protected].

If you have something to send Cathy by snail

mail, you can send it to her at:

Cathy Perkins

196 Penny Lane

Hickory, NC  28601-9341

That's it for this month. I hope this newsletter has given

some of you a fresh and slightly different perspective of

the world.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.  God bless all of you.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.