SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/newsletters/2005/09-02-05.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:13
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

I want to thank all of you who replied to

the message on this website which was posted yesterday

(September 1, 2005).

I wish I could personally respond to each

and every email sent to me but there aren't enough

hours in the day for me to do that. Many of your

replies were very well thought out and contained excellent

suggestions.

I believe I now have, to the best of my

ability, come up with a few ideas to help people who have

been ravaged by this monster hurricane.

First, I'd like to say very emphatically...

It's Not Over!

Not by a long shot. Even if all of the water

in New Orleans somehow "magically" evaporated in the next

few hours, most of the homes would still be unfit to repair

and make livable once again.  I know this because I had

a client some time ago who was in the business of mold

remediation. He was a nice, plain, soft-spoken guy who I

referred to as "The Nightmare Man". If   he

would come out and

inspect your home for mold and then tell you the toxic

effects mold has on the human body, it would scare the wits

out of you. When he talks to families about their mold

problems, many of the wives pack up immediately and move to

a hotel. They tell their husbands that if they want to "sleep"

with them, they'll have to move into the hotel with them...

and... they will have to stay there until all the mold is

removed and their house is safe once again.

Mold is caused by moisture. Having mold in

your house is like living with an invisible Saddam Hussein

who is sneaking around spraying the most toxic chemicals

known to man into the place you live. People get very sick

from the effects of mold. The diseases caused by mold are

too numerous to mention. A lot of people actually die from

the toxins caused by mold. Those people (and their doctors)

never know the source of their deadly diseases.

Well, as far as moisture is concerned, I

think right now, New Orleans, Louisiana, might be considered

the "Moisture Capital of the World". What I'm trying to say

is this: Many of the people of New Orleans are never

going to be able to safely live in their homes again.

That is, of course, also true for many of

the people who lived in nearby Mississippi and Alabama and

whose lives have been shattered by this cataclysmic

hurricane.

But wait! There's more!

The hurricane season is only half over. If

you watch the Weather Channel, you know new tropical

depressions are already in the Atlantic Ocean as I

write these very words. And the experts say the chances are good the last half of

this hurricane season is going to be worse than what

we have already experienced. "They" are out there. "They"

are gathering their strength. And "they" are coming to get

us.

Not only that, because of global warming,

scientists say we can expect horrible hurricane seasons of

this nature to continue...

For At Least The Next 10 To 15 Years!

I think I have good ideas about what we

should do. But before I discuss and reveal my ideas, I want

to discuss how you can help the

victims of Hurricane Katrina.

Right off the bat, I'd like to say that as

far as I am concerned, raising money is the easy part.

Seeing to it the money is spent intelligently is the part

that's really difficult.

President Bush has already pledged 10

Billion Dollars to help relieve the sufferings of the

hurricane victims. To me, that statement offers no comfort

whatsoever. My guess is, if the U.S. Government does

contribute 10 Billion Dollars, the major part of it will

somehow end up in the bank accounts of Halliburton

executives and the executives of other large corporations. I

believe anybody who looks to the United States Government to

remedy any problem is extremely foolish and blind to the

realities of our government.

After reading your replies about the Red

Cross and FEMA, I feel very comfortable in saying neither of

those organizations should ever, ever receive a dime of your

money.

Many of my newsletter readers recommended money be sent

to something called "Catholic Charities". I think Catholic

Charities might be an excellent and ethical organization.

But I certainly don't want my name highlighted with any

organization that has the word "Catholic". Why? It's very

simple. The Catholic Church is riddled with pedophiles. It's

not a case of a few bad apples spoiling the whole bunch.

Pedophilia is ripe throughout all levels of the Catholic

Church. And the amount of money the Catholic Church has had

to pay to the victims of pedophilia is so tremendous, it is

large enough to repair the damage created by

many natural disasters.

Other readers suggested we donate to the

Salvation Army. I think that's sort of a good idea. At least

it's much better than donating to the Red Cross. But the

Salvation Army has overhead... and... I believe they do not have

the skills and organizational ability to do what's needed to

be done.

That Leaves Me An Option

I Can't Believe I Would

Have Ever Endorsed!

In a few minutes I'm going to let you read

something one of my readers sent to me. This will

explain to you who... and... more importantly WHY... you should donate money to

in order to help victims of disaster.

But before I share that with you, I'd like

to tell you what I think (after a lot of prayer and thought)

really needs to be done to help these victims.

First, I think we should establish several

safe haven "tent cities". I think these tents should be

erected on wooden or cement platforms. Each of them should

contain a small air conditioning unit. I think all of the

tents should be supplied with cots, sleeping bags,

toothbrushes, toothpaste, hairbrushes and combs, and all

the other material things necessary to survive on an

extended "camping trip".

Think of it this way: Suppose you

are an "arm chair hunter" and you want to go on a luxurious

safari to Africa. Say you've hired a company to book this

trip and make all the arrangements for you. That would

include your living quarters while you were in the jungle hunting lions and

elephants and whatever other species of animals you felt

could be justifiably and unnecessarily slaughtered for your

momentary pleasure. The victims of Hurricane Katrina are

living in a jungle they didn't ask to be in.

In addition to the tents erected to provide

living quarters for the victims of this (or any) natural

disaster, there would be other tents set up to give medical

assistance. Just think of the way it was done in the popular

T.V. series "MASH" and you'll get the idea.

All of the power necessary to keep these

facilities functional would be supplied by gasoline or

diesel-operated generators.

I think we should erect these "cities" in

several locations across the United States... because...

these natural disasters are not going to stop coming. I

think we should prepare for them in advance. That's

something we don't do any more: We don't prepare for things in advance.

No. We just wait for something drastic to happen... and

then... we react to it like a bunch of chickens running

around with our heads cut off.

You'll notice I haven't addressed the

problem of evacuating people and getting immediate medical

supplies to those people who have epileptic fits, convulsions,

heart attacks, or who need dialysis to stay alive. I don't

think we, as civilians, can do this. This requires

helicopters, military people trained in search and rescue,

and others who possess skills which everyday civilians simply

don't have.

The next five days particularly in New Orleans are going

to be worse than you could ever imagine. The people living

there (if you can call it "living") are actually existing in an

environment of what I choose to call "sewage soup". It's not

just water. It's water filled with urine, fecal matter,

dead bodies of humans, dead bodies of animals,

the by-product waste of petroleum materials, and so forth. And

other stuff I can't describe and I'm sure some stuff I don't even know about.

The truth is, no matter how compassionate

we are... what happens in the next five days or so is pretty

much out of our hands.

But let's use what's happened as a catalyst to

help the victims of other hurricanes and

other natural disasters you know we're going to experience in

the immediate future. We've got to prepare for these

disasters ahead of time.

You know, the idea of living in a tent city

sort of sucks, doesn't it? But it's a hell of a lot better

than wandering around homeless in a city full of "sewage

soup" desperately looking for fresh drinking water and food.

Can you imagine how good it would feel to tens of thousands

of those victims just to be able to brush their

teeth? Or take a shower? Or to sleep in a clean and snug sleeping bag

or cot?

To have enough food and water to satisfy the needs of

themselves and their family? To have a place 100 yards away

where they could get medical attention?

Like I said earlier, one of my readers made a suggestion of an

organization who could handle this situation better than

any other organization I know of. It's important for you to

know I am NOT a member of their organization. Matter of

fact, I've made a lot of jokes at their expense. But

I will say this, every member I've

ever met has been ethical, trustworthy, skillful,

hard-working, honest, and generous.

What I'm going to do is sign off now. I'm

going to let my assistant, Theresa put into this newsletter

word for word what was sent to me. I urge you to keep an open mind.

I Think They Are The Absolute Best

Option

We've Got To Handle The Crisis At Hand!

I am going to be traveling out of the

country for the next few days. It will be a very short trip.

As soon as I return, I'll start writing more newsletters.

Before I leave, I am instructing Theresa to

post on my website some of the

thoughtful, intelligent and insightful feedback I received from

my readers. It's going to give you a lot to

reflect on. I hope it disabuses you of the idea we can solve

problems... just by... mindlessly throwing money at those

problems.

Something else I want to say. Yesterday's

newsletter and this one are both somewhat sloppy. Usually

when I write a newsletter, it goes through several drafts

and I tighten it up until it is a very "together" message.

These past two newsletters are not as together as I would

like them to be. But the truth is, neither am I. I'm not

really "together" at all any more. If I do have a few

moments of lucidity during the day, all I have to do is turn on CNN

for a few minutes and my capacity for clear-headed thinking

is destroyed.

Everybody is saying we need to come together

in this country. That's certainly true. But we need to come

together intelligently.

Ah hell. I hate this. It seems to me I'm

getting a little incoherent. So I'll stop writing now and

let Theresa take over from here.

Dear Gary,

My

reason for writing is to address the your

newsletter regarding disaster relief.  You

asked, "What should we do? How can we help

these people?"  And then you said, "The

truth is, I don't know."

I

would like to make a recommendation.

First

I want to say that I appreciate you for what

you're doing now and for all of the efforts

you have made in the past to put together

disaster relief funds.

On a

personal level, I subscribed to your

newsletter because of your marketing

genius.  But the main reason I stay

subscribed is because I know that you are a

big-hearted, genuinely compassionate, very

cool and funny guy.  I want you to know

upfront that this email is long for the sake

of these desperate and needy people and

because I want to give your noble &

loving intentions the time and attention it

deserves.

And by

the way...I'm a chic.  So if any of this

sounds a little touch-feely, you'll know

why.  Ok, down to business.

As

for my recommendation.  Regardless of

whether you agree with their

religious beliefs or not, it is my belief

(through the extensive research I have done

regarding disaster relief) that the

organization of Jehovah's Witnesses is going

to be your best choice when the primary

concern is maximizing the use of funds in

the most beneficial way for victims.  Here's

why.

They

are the most non-profit of non-profit

organizations I've ever seen.  All of their

workers are voluntary.  *All* of them.  From

the top down, the way the entity

is structured, even the executives of

the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society in

Brooklyn, NY (headquarters of their

worldwide organization) donate their time in

exchange for very modest room and board.

I've toured a few of their facilities in the

Brooklyn, Wallkill and Patterson, NJ areas.

I've seen it with my own eyes.

Everyone

who works at their printing facilities

(where they print bibles and bible

literature for their worldwide bible

education work) works for room and board and

they get a very small allowance (somewhere

around $120/mo.) for personal items.  This

entire organization is supported by means of

voluntary donations.   And it's

amazing......I mean, these people are not

driving around in fancy cars and getting

rich pocketing donations by any means.

They

spend their money on maintaining their

printing facilities, printing bible

literature, housing & feeding their

voluntary workers (who all live in an

apartment-like community maintained by the

Watchtower Bible and Tract Society),

supporting voluntary missionaries around the

world, language and reading programs (where

they teach illiterate people to read),

DISASTER RELIEF....I could go on.

But

the bottom line is that NONE of their money

is used to line pockets of greedy execs.

And there's more than one way to donate to

this organization.  You can just give a

general donation to their "Worldwide" fund,

or you can choose to dictate exactly where

you want 100% of your money to be used,

i.e., "Hurricane Katrina".

Another

big reason this is the best organization to

donate money to is because they are so

organized it's uncanny.  I was reading an

impressive article in a magazine about

Jehovah's Witnesses and disaster relief for

Hurricane Andrew.  Check this out.

When

Hurricane Andrew hit, the Governing Body of

Jehovah’s Witnesses in Brooklyn, New York,

reacted at once and appointed a relief

committee to function out of the Fort

Lauderdale Assembly Hall. They also assigned

a considerable sum of money for the purchase

of materials, food, and emergency items. As

a consequence, Jehovah's Witnesses were

among the first to react to the situation

and began calling for volunteers. In fact,

many came without even being called.

Witness workers turned up from California,

North Carolina, Oregon, Washington State,

Pennsylvania, Missouri, and many other

places.  A Virginia Regional Building

Committee that usually builds Kingdom Halls

(the places where they meet for

worship) sent a group of 18 Witnesses to

repair roofs.  It took them 18 hours to

drive down.  Relief workers took vacation

time or leaves of absence from their jobs

and drove across the country, hundreds and

even thousands of miles, to reach their

fellow Witnesses in distress.

There was a group that came from the

Charleston area in South Carolina. They had

experience with Hurricane Hugo back in 1989.

They knew what to expect and soon organized

relief supplies, including electric

generators and building materials. Within

two weeks volunteer crews had dried out some

800 homes and had repaired many roofs.

Even the media noted how well the Witnesses

were organized. The Savannah Evening Press

carried the headline “Jehovah’s Witnesses

Find They Are Welcome in South Florida,” and

The Miami Herald declared: “Witnesses Care

for Their Own—and Others.”

It stated: “No one in Homestead is slamming

doors on the Jehovah’s Witnesses this

week—even if they still have doors to slam.

About 3,000 Witness volunteers from across

the country have converged on the disaster

area, first to help their own, then to help

others. . . . Any military organization

might envy the Witnesses’ precision,

discipline and efficiency.”  In contrast, an

Air Force officer was quoted as saying about

the relief effort in another area: “All the

chiefs just want to be chiefs, but nobody

wants to get down and actually do the dirty

work.”

Jehovah's Witnesses have organized hundreds

of Regional Building Committees all over the

world to construct Kingdom Halls and large

Assembly Halls. Thus, they have trained

manpower ready to respond on a few hours’

notice.

During Hurricane Andrew, the Anheuser Busch

company donated a truckload of drinking

water. On arriving, the driver asked

officials where he should deliver the water.

He was told that the only ones who had

something organized were Jehovah's

Witnesses. In fact, within a week after

Andrew struck, some 70 tractor-trailer loads

of supplies had arrived at the Fort

Lauderdale Assembly Hall of Jehovah’s

Witnesses.

A volunteer there reported (I'm quoting from

the magazine here): “So we received a whole

truckload of drinking water. We immediately

included this among the other foodstuffs

that we were sending to the distribution

centers at the Kingdom Halls. It was shared

with the brothers and with the neighbors in

that area who were in need.”

In the beginning, city authorities were

sending non-Witness volunteers to the

Kingdom Halls, saying, ‘They are the only

ones who are properly organized.’ Eventually

the military moved in and began to set up

food and water relief centers and tent

cities.

The original Witness staging area was set up

by the relief committee at the Fort

Lauderdale Assembly Hall, which is some 40

miles north of the main disaster zone around

Homestead.  To relieve some of the pressure,

a primary staging area was established at

the Plant City Assembly Hall near Orlando,

about 250 miles northwest of the disaster

zone. Most relief materials were channeled

there for sorting and packing. The committee

ordered its needs from Plant City on a daily

basis, and huge tractor-trailers were used

to cover the five-hour drive down to Fort

Lauderdale.

In turn this staging station supplied food,

materials, water, generators, and other

needs to three Kingdom Halls that had been

repaired in the center of the disaster area.

There, capable Witnesses organized building

and clean-up crews to visit the hundreds of

homes that needed attention. Kitchens and

feeding lines were also opened on the

Kingdom Hall grounds, and anybody

was welcome to come for aid.

Even some of the soldiers enjoyed a meal and

were later observed dropping donations into

the contribution boxes.

For many of the homeless, alternative

accommodations were found in the homes of

Witnesses untouched by Andrew. Others stayed

in trailers lent or donated for that

purpose.  After Hurricane Andrew, the

superbly-organized relief program of the

Witnesses was so well-known that some

business establishments and individuals who

were not Witnesses and who wanted to make

significant donations of relief supplies

turned these over to the Witnesses.

According to the article, these folks knew

that their gift would not be simply left in

a stockpile, nor would it be used for

profit, but it would truly benefit the

hurricane victims, both Witnesses and

non-Witnesses.

In the research I have done, the disaster

relief efforts organized by Jehovah's

Witnesses are too many to mention.

Again, their honesty, use of donated funds

and organizational abilities are

unsurpassed.

They have two official web sites.....

http://www.jw-media.org (This is the

site where you can get their phone number

which is (718) 560-5000)

http://www.watchtower.org

Look into this organization for yourself

and see how they measure up to others for

disaster relief.  Like you, I also care

deeply for all the people who are suffering

from this hurricane and I have already

donated funds to be dispensed by Jehovah's

Witnesses.

Perhaps when you call them you might want

to ask how Jehovah's Witnesses are already

administering relief aid to Hurricane

Katrina victims.  This could ultimately help

you in your decision-making process.

And even if you don't end up using this

organization to distribute your relief

funds, I hope that you have at least found

this information helpful and can see that I

truly care and appreciate what you are

doing.   I want you to know that my prayers

are with you and your efforts to raise

money.

I wish you the most successful

money-raising campaign EVER and I absolutely

KNOW you will pull it off.  You are an

*amazing* individual....I know because I

read your Boron Letters.  Need I say more?

Respectfully,

Jina Henry

God Bless Us All,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.  For those of

you who want to make a donation without going to the website

Jina listed, here's the details: You can send your check or

money order made payable to "Watch Tower" and in the "memo"

section of your payment, write "Hurricane Katrina". Send it

to:

Watch

Tower

Attn:

Treasurer

25

Columbia Heights

Brooklyn, New York  11201

As always... Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.