SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2005/07-29-05.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:27
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

First, I would like to respond to all of you

who have so generously given marketing materials to Cathy

Perkins. She now has a treasure trove of marketing

information larger than mine, and I suspect, larger than

many other professionals in direct marketing. I'm sure she

will study all this and benefit greatly from it.

From time to time, I publish on my website a

piece of work I have created for a client. I do this for a

couple of reasons:

1)  I want to "showcase" my work and provide

it to you as something you can study for educational

reasons.

2)  Another motivation I have is by

publicizing what I've written for a client sometimes will

get that client more business. And if it's a client whose

product or service I believe in, I like to see that happen.

After reading the letter I wrote for the Surgery Eye Centers

of Tennessee, a lot of my readers emailed me to the effect

that if they ever did need an eye operation, they would go

to Tennessee to have it done. Others wrote me that after

reading what I wrote about Dr. Patterson, they almost wished

they DID need eye surgery so they could go and be treated by

him.

Another thing I've started doing which my

readers don't know about is... I no longer just deliver my

direct marketing copy to a client and assume they will

exploit it properly. What I do now is, I send my work with a

cover letter telling them...

Why And How

They Should Use

What I Have Created!

I think all of you know about Agora

Publishing. They are one of the largest success stories in

direct marketing. That's true for both on-line  and

off-line marketing. Agora sends out very informative

messages called "Early To Rise" and I think everybody who

reads my newsletter should also be reading "Early To Rise".

Just type in "Early To Rise Agora

Publishing" in your search engine and you'll find the link

where you can sign up for this valuable and free

information.

Having said all that, I now want you to know

Agora Financial Publishing in Baltimore, Maryland recently

hired me to create a direct mail piece for a publication

they have titled "Options Hotline". I just finished that

piece and delivered it to them yesterday. It's a 16-page

sales letter. And, when you are finished reading this

newsletter, you can download it and read it for yourself.

I'm doing this for a number of reasons:

1)  First, by letting you read the letter, I

am NOT giving away any of Agora's proprietary secrets. You

could not "steal" this letter if you wanted to. It's Agora

and only Agora who has Steve Sarnoff and the incredible

financial service he provides.

2)  I think publishing what I wrote for them

in my newsletter will get Agora some extra business. The

letter describes an amazing financial service I think some

of you will want to have. You need to remember though, my

sales letter will not be used by Agora until it is proofread

and checked for accuracy. But I think as it stands now, it

is 99.9% ready to be mailed.

After you read it, I'd love for you to send

me any comments you may have about this piece of work. If

you want to send a comment, please send it to

[email protected].

OK, before you download and read the sales

letter I told you about, you should know I am working on

this project with a guy who works for Agora whose name is

Greg. He seems to be a savvy and a guy easy to work with.

Before you read the sales letter I sent to him, I'd like you

to read the cover letter about this project which I also

sent to him. I sent it by both fax and email. Here's my

cover letter to Greg:

Dear Greg,

Attached to this fax (and later in an email), is

the finished copy for the "Options Hotline"

promotion.

I'm taking a chance here. I am sending you the

promotion the way it SHOULD be mailed.

However, I'm almost certain you (probably

because of your supervisors) will not mail this

promotion the way I have presented it to you.

Everybody will snivel, whine and bitch about a

sales letter in this fashion. "Oh My God!"

everybody will say, "this is going to cost a

fortune to mail."

Well, compared to what you regularly send out,

that's a correct statement. But, if you would at

least test the promotion as I have delivered it

to you, I'm almost sure you will find it to be

the most profitable promotion Agora Financial

has ever mailed.

You don't know very much about me. But, if you

would ever read my newsletters on my website (www.TheGaryHalbertLetter.com),

you would discover why it is the most widely

read online marketing newsletter in the world. I

don't know what it is today but, my recent Alexa

rating was 1610.

When I first started in this business, I wrote a

361-word one page letter to sell a family crest

product. I broke every direct marketing rule in

the book when I strategized that letter. People

actually laughed at my pathetic attempt to write

a sales letter. But very soon after that letter

was mailed, it was grossing the equivalent in

today's money of one-third of one million

dollars... per day. And, that letter with

modifications was mailed for more than 30-years.

That's how I started. Since then, I have written

more direct mail winners than I can remember.

Often, my biggest problem when I write for

clients is to get them to at least test what I

give them.

Here's what you need to know about mailing this

kind of a direct mail letter with a $1 bill

attached to it. My guess (and it's a very

informed guess) is, this letter will bring

back 700% more gross dollars than the best

control letter you have ever mailed for "Options

Hotline".

Agora is a great direct marketing company. No

one can argue with their monstrous success. And

I realize Agora has utilized many of the very

best copywriters in the world. But, I'd like to

suggest to you what they have not used is a

great direct mail strategist... someone who

focuses not only on writing great direct mail

copy... but also... direct mail strategy.

The way your mail is structured now, much of it

is not delivered. And what is delivered, an

enormous amount of it is never opened. And what

is opened, only a very small percentage is

actually read.

The "Options Hotline" promotion I am giving you

with this cover letter will achieve almost 100%

delivery by the Post Office. It will be opened

by almost 100% of the people who receive it. And

it will be read by almost 100% of the people who

open it.

It's pretty obvious to see why this will work so

much better than what you usually mail.

"But what about the bothersome logistics of

preparing a mailing like this?" you and your

superiors ask. Greg, I can tell you this... I

personally have created promotions that required

more complicated lettershop endeavors than this

particular promotion. And, I was able to

outsource it easily and to get 125,000 of those

letters mailed every working day of the week.

Let me tell you about just one of those

promotions. I created it for Health Laboratories

of America located in Phoenix, Arizona. It was,

I believe, the most widely mailed diet promotion

in history. The letter worked so well, we almost

couldn't find a list that wouldn't pay a profit.

Eventually, after years of mailing tens of

millions of pieces, we finally ran out of lists

we could mail to at a profit. So you know what

we did?

We got the file of everybody who had a driver's

license in the United States. Then we did a

computer program that did a simple calculation

based on the height and weight information

contained in that file. This enabled us to "kick

out" all the porkers who had a driver's license.

We mailed millions of those letters to those

porkers at a very considerable profit.

By the way, that file, when I last checked, had

a universe of 160 million names.

To hell with it. I know you guys are not even

going to test my promotion. But hope springs

eternal. And I thought before I did anything

else, I would give it to you the way it SHOULD

be mailed.

Then you can discuss it with the "powers that

be" and when they tell you there is no way in

hell they are going to test this promotion, I

will rework it (it won't take much) and give it

to you in the much weaker, lame-ass format which

will keep everybody in their comfort zone.

By the way, this promotion does, of course, need

to be proofread by you or some member of your

staff with an eagle eye to make certain I

haven't accidentally written something that is a

factual error.

Anyway, please email me at [email protected] as

soon as possible and let me know you're not

going to even test this promotion. A prompt

reply would be appreciated.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"The World's Most Modest Copywriter"

P.S. As you know, Mark Ford here in Florida has

a brilliant mind. Why don't you run this

promotion by him before you summarily refuse to

mail it?

Well, believe it or not, within minutes of

having sent that cover letter, I got a response from Greg.

Here's his response:

Thanks Gary - I

printed it out and I'll read this bad boy... I

pretty much make most of the decisions here, so

I think we'll be able to mail this beast!

Thanks,

Greg

And here's the reply I sent him:

Praise the

Lord!

Gary

I want you to stop reading my newsletter

here... and instead... download and read the sales letter

for Agora. It's very important you do it in this order. You

see, after you've downloaded and read that letter, you need

to come back to my website and continue reading this

newsletter. That's because I want to give you some more

information and ask you a few crucial questions.

Click on the link below to read the 16-page

Agora Publishing letter for their product, "Options

Hotline".

Agora Options Hotline\07-28-05 Letter With Table.pdf

*** ONLY AFTER

YOU'VE DOWNLOADED AND READ THE 16-PAGE SALES LETTER SHOULD

YOU CONTINUE

READING HERE ***

Well, I hope you found

the 16-page letter you just read both interesting and

informative.

In any case, here are a few facts I think

you should ponder: We are now living in the most uncertain time

in the entire history of the country... if not... the world!

By this time next year, there may be peace

in Iraq. Or, the violence may continue to escalate (as many

analysts believe) until it is such a mess, it will drain our

country of so much money and resources, it could trigger a

national bankruptcy. Or maybe the situation in Iraq will be

something in between.

I just don't know. Neither do you. And

nobody else knows either.

And what about the price of gasoline? Maybe

it will be $10 or more a gallon (it already is in some

countries). Or maybe it will drop to a $1.25 or less per

gallon.

Again, I don't know. And neither do you. And

neither does anybody else.

Same thing with the economy in general. A

year from now, things may be just rosy. Maybe everybody will

have a job and plenty of money. Maybe not. Maybe there will

be a 30% unemployment rate and most people will be

struggling just to survive. Maybe it will turn out to be

something in the middle.

And what about terrorism? After 9-11 and the

London subway bombings, we've learned anything is possible.

Maybe they'll blow up the Statue of Liberty or the stock

exchange building or the two nuclear power plants just south

of Los Angeles. Maybe nothing will happen.

The point is...

Nobody In The World Can Now Predict

The Future With Any Degree Of Certainty

Whatsoever!

Which brings me to another couple of crucial

questions you should be asking yourself.

First, do you think you will ever be able

to write copy as good as the recent examples of copy you've

read on my website?

Secondly, do you even want to expend

the time and effort to get as good at writing copy as I am?

My suggestion to many of you is the answers

to both of these questions should be a loud, resounding

"NO!"

You see, it's unlikely you will ever be able

to write copy as good as me. (I love to use bad grammar.)

The first reason is, I am a natural born

copywriter with a unique gift for it. I conceived my first

mail order project when I was approximately 9-years old.

Many of you are too young to remember this but before

television and in the early days of radio there was

something you could buy called a "crystal radio". This

little gadget was made of (I think) some kind of

non-precious gemstone like quartz that would vibrate to

radio signals. It had a little wire thing that hovered over

it. If you manipulated it around just right, you could

actually listen through headphones to an occasional radio

broadcast.

All the kids I knew and many of the adults

wanted a crystal radio. If you knew how, you could make one

of them yourself. But, of course, most people didn't know

how to make one. So my very first mail order idea was to go

to the public library, read up on how to make a crystal

radio, digest it into an easy-to-read information product,

advertise and sell it through magazines like "Popular

Science" and "Popular Mechanics".

Of course, this did not come to pass. After

all...

I Was Only 9-Years Old

Much later, when I got out of the Army and

moved back to Ohio, someone suggested I go work for the

Cuyahoga Falls Police Department. I had no interest in that.

After three years of risking my life as a military

policeman, I never wanted to experience violence again.

Instead, I went to work for a company on

Main Street in Cuyahoga Falls called Economy Savings and

Loan. It was owned by a parent company called Capital

Finance Corporation. Economy Savings and Loans made loans to

people who couldn't get a "standard" loan from a bank. As

expected, many of the loans Economy Savings made ended up

going south.

A large part of my job was collecting money

from people who were behind in their payments. I was really

good at collecting the money. One time a guy who was a

magician "disappeared" owing us money. I located him on a

cruise ship off the coast of Portugal and sent him a message

about his debt. Picture this: Here's this magician who has

done a "disappearing act" from the United States and is now

aboard a cruise ship off the coast of Portugal  when he

receives a call to go to the radio room... where... there is

a telegrammed message for him to

the effect he should pay the debt he owed to the Economy

Savings and Loan.

Another time, I wrote a collection letter

and had it mailed to every one of our dead beat customers.

That letter, if memory serves me correctly, collected more

delinquent money in one day than all of the company's

efforts for the last five years.

After that, I wrote a letter for a

collection agency called Financial Adjustment Service. This

company was to be owned by me and two of my friends. Alas,

the company never got off the ground. But that early letter

I wrote (with no training whatsoever) was a virtual

masterpiece.

It wasn't too long after I stopped working

for Economy Savings and Loan that I discovered the world of mail

order and direct mail... and... as the saying goes...

The Rest Is History!

The point is, I was born good at

writing copy. Or at least, I became good at it soon after I

learned the alphabet. That's probably not true of you. You

were probably born with other gifts which I do not possess.

Not only was I born with the gift of

persuasive articulation, I also  "nourished"

that gift throughout the years. And, I continue to nourish

it to this very day.

Most of you reading my newsletter, quite

frankly, do not have this natural gift... and even if you

did, there are not enough years left to live to nourish it

to my level of competency.

Can you imagine trying to compete against

Lance Armstrong in a bike race? He was born with a genetic

advantage which makes his heart and cardio vascular system

more than twice as efficient as the rest of the world's

most gifted athletes. And he has nourished that gift by an

almost impossible regimen which includes six grueling hours

of training per day.

Can you imagine deciding it's your goal to

beat Tiger Woods at golf? Well, you'd certainly have your

work cut out for you. First, Tiger was born with the exact

mental and physical attributes required to play great golf.

And, if I'm not mistaken, he's had a golf club in his hands

since he was 3-years old. And even though he is the best

golfer in the world, I'll bet he still continues to practice

more than any of his competitors.

Can you imagine having a goal of becoming

wealthier than Bill Gates? I can't even begin to think of a

way to intelligently attempt to achieving that goal.

Having said all that, you are probably

thinking I am conceited about the gift I have for writing.

You are dead wrong. Many people who've had the opportunity

to personally watch me work have marveled at how good I am

and they are insanely jealous of me. But I can tell you, if

you lived inside my mind and body... that jealousy would

fade away like a Key West sunset!

I think a lot of gifted people feel that

way. Someone desperately wishes they could play music or

sing as well as the star on stage. But that star, at the

same time, may be suffering from suicidal thoughts, anxiety

and feelings of worthlessness.

Listen, I don't want to ramble on and on

about this so let me get to the point: You may never be able

to ride a bicycle like Lance Armstrong. You may never play

golf as good as Tiger Woods. You may never become as wealthy

as Bill Gates. You may never be able to play a guitar

like Dickey Betts. And... let's face it... you'll probably never

be able to...

Write Copy As Good As Gary Halbert!

That being said, you probably CAN learn to

ride a bike, CAN hit some golf balls, CAN make some money,

or CAN write copy good enough to have some fun and

maybe even make a little profit.

But when it comes to writing copy, I have a

message for all of you who can afford to follow this one

simple suggestion:

If you need copy written, and if

you can afford it, you should hire ME to do it.

You're insane if you don't.

Even if you have the potential of becoming

as good as me (which is very unlikely), who knows how your life and the world is

going to change in the time it takes you to develop your

skills to the level I have achieved.

For much, if not all of my career, it's been

impossible to hire me. I simply didn't want or need any more

money. But that's not true right now.

I just received an email from a guy who was

cheated out of money he's owed for ad copy he wrote for a

car dealer. He asked me if I had any suggestions as to what

he should do.

I wrote him back saying I personally have

been cheated out of about 2-1/2 million dollars in the

recent past. Some of this money was flat out stolen from me.

Some of it was lost because I entrusted incompetent (but

non-criminal) people to handle some of my affairs.

In addition to that, the IRS has taken an

interest in the last seven years of my tax returns. I think

I'll be okay with them and that I don't have anything to worry

about. But when you are dealing with any governmental

agency, you just never know. Anything can happen.

In addition to that, there is a tiny handful

of people to whom I would like to repay money they lost

because of a suggested investment idea they got from me. I

don't have a legal obligation to repay this money to these

people. But my conscience bothers me. I just hate it

whenever people lose money by "betting" on me. But I am human

and sometimes it does happen.

Not only that, I think it's time I socked

away some money to prepare for my "golden years". It's a

funny thing but, I seem to be somewhat of an optical

illusion. Not long ago, I was on stage in front of

approximately 200 people who didn't know me from Adam. I

told them I was going to give one of them a valuable prize.

To win this prize, they had to guess my height, my weight,

and my age.

Well, when I averaged up all the answers, it

turned out the average guess of my height was exactly right.

It turned out the average guess of my weight was 29-pounds

less than my actual weight. And when averaged all together,

they had guessed I was 15-years younger than my actual age.

The truth is, it doesn't matter how young

and thin I actually look to other people. The

calendar and scales don't lie.

Holy cow! I think I'm starting to slip into

a "senior moment" and let this tale get away from me. Even

so, before I

wrap it up, I want to tell you one more little story.

I know a doctor who lives in Omaha,

Nebraska. He has made two financial fortunes in his

lifetime.

He made both of them because of me and my copywriting

ability.

Some time ago, in the not-too-distant-past, just before I

was beset by a horde of demons from hell, I announced I

wasn't going to be taking on any more clients. You know what

this doctor did? He paid me three times my normal fee...

just to have me "on hold" to work on a promotion for him

which didn't even exist yet! Well, he has finally discovered

what he wants to work on and I am now creating the marketing for

that endeavor.

Look, if you can afford me and you need some sales

copy written...

I'm Available!

What you should do (once again, if you can afford

it) is hire me while the "getting's good". I have

a sneaking suspicion this door won't be open for very long.

For one thing, I think after Agora tests the letter you downloaded

and read, they are going to want to "own" me. Well,

nobody's ever going to own me. (Except Sirian, of course.) But

if the price is right, I will be available for an "exclusive

lease".

Secondly, every one of the few times in the past

I've announced I was willing to take on some clients, the response

was so overwhelming... the window of opportunity to hire a great

copywriter such as myself... didn't remain open very long.

I don't think it will this time either.

Hey, go read that letter I created for "Options

Hotline" again. Then sit and think: Do you really want

to put in the time, effort and energy to be able to write a

letter such as that? Maybe you're broke and you don't have a

choice. I understand that. But, if that's not the case, you

should be contacting me via my email address ([email protected])

immediately.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

Pathetic, Poor, And On My Knees Before The World

P.S.  I just heard Tiger Woods is coming to Miami. I'm

going to gather up all the remaining money I have left and

bet him I can beat him at 18 holes of golf. Oh wait a

minute! That would be kinda stupid, wouldn't it?

I guess I WON'T go do that.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.