SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2005/11-21-05reveal1.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:37
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber

Here at long last, is the complete story of

the "water ad". I think you're going to find it was worth

waiting for.

It all began when a friend of mine from

Colorado called me. He told me about this remarkable new

invention (the water bottle featured in the ad) and how a

company called "Seychelle Technologies" was going to "go

public" to raise a lot of money so they could sell this

remarkable invention all over the world. He said Seychelle

Technologies was in the formative stage and they needed

someone to help them with publicity and marketing.

Then this friend arranged a telephone

meeting between the CEO (DuSean Berkich) and myself. He and

I hit it off on the phone and I agreed to go to Irvine,

California and take on the job of promoting this product. They paid me a very generous weekly salary,

a new car to drive, and a furnished apartment to live in

while I was in California.

There's a lot more to this story than just

the writing of the ad. But, I'm going to start with that

part of it (the writing).

First of all, you need to know what I was

trying to accomplish with that ad.

As you may or may not

know, when a company wants to "go public" there is a 45-day

"quiet period" they must obey after they have made their

initial filing to go public with the Securities and Exchange

Commission. In other words, they cannot send out press

releases or hype their company in any way during this 45-day

"quiet period". I think the rules concerning the quiet

period may have changed over the years. I don't know exactly

what they are now because I haven't kept current with that.

However, at that period in time, Seychelle

Technologies had not filed with the SEC. And according to

their lawyer, it was legally okay for me to write an ad

talking about the company. So the purpose of the ad was to

generate an enormous amount of interest from people who

would want to invest in the company after it had filed with

the SEC and the stock was available for trading. In other

words, I was hired to make this company a sensation among

investors just before it was to get off the ground.

I did an enormous amount of research before

I started writing the ad. I learned so much about water from

the scientist, Carl Palmer, it literally astonished me.

You should also know Seychelle's lawyer

vetted and okayed every single word of the ad.

Here Is The First Big Secret Of The Ad:

I want you to imagine you are at a very high

class cocktail party in New York City. And a

gorgeous young woman is there who is being courted by almost

every man at the party. Each of them chat her up to the best

of their ability. They are all trying to figure out what

appeal they could use to attract her to them so they could

establish a relationship with her.

One guy talks about his show business

connections and how he could get her jobs as an actress in

several different movies.

Another guy tells her that he represents

models and she is so beautiful if they worked together,

he could almost assure her she would be on the cover of

almost every popular magazine in America.

Several other guys try to impress her with

how much money they have. They talk about the companies they

own, the yachts they have as play toys, the Ferraris,

Lamborginies and Rolls Royces they drive, and how their

wealth is so obscene, they and anybody connected with them,

will never again have to worry about anything to do with

money.

A couple guys are just drop-dead good

looking and they try to attract

her  with their wit, good

looks and animal magnetism.

None of this seems to work on her very well.

Then a youngish, somewhat unattractive man

walks over to her and whispers a few words in her ear. Her

face brightens with a 1,000 megawatt smile she says "Yeah!

Let's do it!" and she gets up and walks out of that party

arm-in-arm with that lucky man.

What was the difference that made him

successful while everyone else struck out? It's very simple:

You see...

He Knew A Secret About Her...

He Knew She Had A Secret Desire!

And when you're trying to sell something

there is no more powerful piece of ammunition you can have

than to know someone's real deep-down core desires.

In this case, the young woman was a heroine

addict. And this man recognized her as such.

What he whispered in her ear was simply, "Hey, look down here in my

hand. I just scored some of the best smack in New York City.

You want to get high with me?"

And, of course, she's up and out of the room

like a rocket.

It's worth repeating: There is no more of an

edge in marketing (and life)  than... knowing the

hidden desires of the people you are trying to sell.

Each and every group of people... doctors,

psychiatrists, policemen, mothers, plumbers, etc. have certain desires and knowledge that is not

shared by other groups of people.

There's a couple books I would like to

recommend to you. The first one is called "What Cops Know".

It was written by a woman named Connie Fletcher and I think

you can get it on Amazon. This woman interviewed 200 Chicago

policemen and learned many of the secrets policemen know

about people which is not common knowledge. For example,

police know when someone is murdered, more than half the

time, the person who committed the murder is the person who

reported the murder to the police. When cops visit a murder

scene, if the crime scene is especially gory and encompasses

much of the apartment or house where the murder occurred,

and there is blood and gore not only in the bedroom but also

in the living room, kitchen, den, etc., they know the murder

was likely committed by a homosexual. That's because when

one homosexual kills another, it is usually because of an

enormous amount of jealousy and rage and the object is not

just to kill the other person, but to cause them as much

pain and suffering as humanly possible.

Cops also know if they look in your medicine

cabinet and find a common product

Dermaplast you are probably a man who abuses his wife and children.

That's because this is the cosmetic product most useful in

hiding the bruises caused by abusive beatings.

If I had to market something to policemen, I

would read this book before I wrote a single word because I

would want to know as much about them as I could before I

tried to market something to them.

The second book I'd like to recommend to you

is the "Rice Diet Report" written by Judy Moscovitz. This

book was written in 1986 and I think it gives more insight

to the emotional problems and the "wiring" of

overweight people than any other book ever written.

Why Am I Laboring On This So Long?

It has to do with the fact I know a lot

about the people who read "Investors Business Daily."

Have you looked at the "Wall Street Journal"

lately? It has become a "fat" publication with all kinds of

articles that do not relate to investing. It's almost

getting to the point where the publication should change

it's name to the "Main Street Journal."

"Investors Business Daily" on the other hand

is a "skinny" publication which concentrates on nothing

except articles of interest to investors.

By the way, in almost every case a "skinny"

publication will always outpull a "fat" one. Take any big

city Sunday newspaper. They contain hundreds of pages and

dozens of sections. Whenever I get a Sunday paper, it takes

me about 10-minutes just to separate the sections into the

ones I want to read and the ones I want to throw away.

However, in many Sunday newspapers, there is a pull-out

magazine called "Parade". "Parade" is one of the most

expensive and profitable magazines to advertise in

throughout the entire

world. A lot of times when I buy the Sunday paper, I'm so

overwhelmed by it, I just rummage through it until I find

"Parade" and then I pull it out of the paper and throw the

rest of the newspaper away. Millions of people do the same

thing. It's almost impossible to write an ad and run it in

"Parade" magazine and not make a profit.

By the way, just for your edification, if

you have an ad which relates to something financial and you

run it in the "Wall Street Journal" and then you run the

same ad in "Investors Business Daily"... I am going to bet

you that you will make at least 700% more profit from the

"IBD" ad than you did from the "WSJ". A few years ago, I

used to run an ad about once every two months in "IBD". It

was a 1-column ad which cost me about $700 and it was

typical for that $700 ad to fetch $40,000 to $50,000 in

sales.

A lot of you who made guesses said you

thought one of the secrets of the success of the water ad

was the fact I ran it in "IBD" and the readers of that

publication were extremely greedy. That is sorta true but it

is not precisely true.

What the readers of "Investors Business

Daily" want more than anything else is...

They Want An Edge!

They are looking for an "edge" which will

give them a leg up on the rest of the investment community.

They are struggling to be first to discover hot new facts

which will make their investments more profitable. You might

think the fact it is more precise to say those investors are

looking for an edge as opposed to simply being greedy is not

very important. You might think (erroneously) it's pretty

much the same thing. It is not. It is a subtle... but very,

very important... distinction.

So I started out with an enormous advantage.

I decided to run the ad in "IBD" and I knew the true deep

down secret of their readers.

Remember the real goal of the ad was to make

investors interested in investing in Seychelle Technologies.

The real goal of the ad was NOT to sell water bottles. But

the trick was to do this in a very Machiavellian way which

made those readers ravenous to invest in a company of whose

existence they were unaware until they got to the end of the

ad.

Now we're going to go over this ad piece by

piece and I'm going to allow you to see into my mind and

what I was thinking as I wrote every part of the ad.

(Note: My Comments in Blue)

WARNING: Do Not Read This

Unless You Are Already Rich!

Since this ad was placed in "IBD" there

isn't a reader of that publication who wouldn't be sucked in

so fast, it would put an advanced Hoover to shame. I believe

of all the headlines I have ever written, this is the most

impossible one to ignore. In fact, I honestly believe if

this headline were ran in ANY publication it would get

enormous readership.

If you would like to know

how someone can start with a simple idea... and

then... generate over $51,000,000 in sales in

just one year... this is going to be the

most interesting message you will ever read.

This is a staple opening for me. I use

it over and over because it's a reliable winner. What reader

of "IBD" would not want to know how to make $51,000,000 in

sales in just one year? I've already got them glued to my

message.

Here is why: There's a

guy in California named Carl Palmer who, until

recently, was very wealthy and very bored. He

got rich (the first time) by starting a company

in 1970 which he sold out to Coca-Cola just

three years later in 1973. As part of the deal,

he had to sign a "non-compete" agreement with a

duration of five years.

After that five years

ended, he went back in business and built up

another company which was soon acquired by the

giant AMF Corporation. After that, Carl

developed Shaklee's reverse osmosis home water

filtration system... and... in the first

year... they did $51 million in sales with

that product.

Carl Palmer is now the "star" of this

story. He's somebody all the readers can identify with.

Somebody that "humanizes" this copy.

And so on.

You get the idea. What

this guy does is, he comes up with enormously

valuable inventions, starts a company to sell

those inventions... and soon... he goes nuts

with all the hassles of running a business...

and so... he sells out (at a huge profit) to

some giant corporation that has the resources

and the clout to exploit the living daylights

out of whatever it is he has invented.

But now, he has outdone

himself. Now, at the request of the Seychelle

Technologies, Inc., he has invented something

that is needed by every human being in the

world... and...

This Invention Is Almost

Certain To Generate Billions In Sales!

Here's how he came up

with his latest invention. He's got a horse

ranch somewhere near Pomona, California and one

day he was out riding one of his horses...

and... he was bored to tears! You see,

this guy has a mind that just won't quit.

So, he gets to wondering: "What would be the

world's best product to develop? Is there

anything that every human being on earth must have?"

Yes, there is. It's

called water. It's tasteless, odorless,

colorless and calorie-free... but... it is  vital to all life on earth. It

doesn't matter if you are a dog, a cat, a human

being, an elephant or a mere microbe, water is essential. And there is no substitute.

There are more than five billion people on this

planet and every single one of those people

needs about 2-1/2 quarts of water... every

day... to keep healthy and stay alive.

Now we've got a logical hinge. After

all, what is the most precious commodity in the world?

Outside of air, it has to be water. What is the ONE thing

every single human being needs? It's water. This is logical.

This makes the prospect's mind say "YES!" I've got the

readers nodding their heads "YES!" early in this piece. As

I'm sure you know this is very, very important. I've got

their undivided attention... plus... I've backed up the huge

claim in the subhead above about generating billions in

sales.

No water, no life.

But, so what? There's

more water on earth than there is earth, right?

Yes, that's true.

I'm countering a huge

objection/question in the mind of the prospect now. I'm

reading his mind and therefore building loads of rapport.

However, 97% of all that water

is sea water. And sea water, of course, is just

chock full of salt. Anyone who drinks only sea

water will soon die of thirst and dehydration as

that person's body tries desperately to flush

out all that excess salt. Of course, we humans

can use sea water... if... we remove the salt.

But, that is very expensive!

I'm stating a problem... and... I'm

also aggravating that problem.

Sea water is not a good

choice for agriculture or industry either. It

kills most crops and literally (and very

quickly) rusts out most machinery.

Yep, I've just illuminated another

problem.

In truth, only a mere 3%

of the world's water is fresh, not salty. But,

almost all of that fresh water is locked up in

glaciers and ice caps or is deep underground.

Which means...

Only A Measly 1% Of All The Water

On This Planet Is Easily Accessible To

Mankind!

And, much of that water

is so polluted it is killing thousands upon

thousands of people every day... plus...

it is making millions of us horribly sick.

That truly sucks, doesn't it? Now I'm upsetting the readers. I'm

illuminating a situation which is getting worse and worse

and worse... and... I've got them worrying about their OWN

health.

Do you own a house? If

so, go down into your basement with a hacksaw

and cut off about an inch of one of your water

pipes. Then, get yourself a strong flashlight

and take a careful look at the inside of that

water pipe. Guess what? Chances are, what you

are looking at is NOT going to be pretty.

Rust... Sediment... Lead... Dirt... Little

flecks of animate matter such as rodent feces...

Chlorine... Mercury... and... all sorts  of other junk that is really bad news when you

put it into your body.

You mean the reader is drinking

rodent feces? That truly sucks, doesn't it? I've made this problem real to

everybody with the question "Do you own a house?" Who the

heck doesn't own a home, or live in a home, right? So this

is everybody... and... with total precision, I have

described the toxic scum the readers are going to find in

their water pipes. So now what I've done is illuminated why

each and every person in the civilized world has a water

supply which is incredibly toxic. I've told them why... when

it comes to water... everyone else is totally screwed. I

haven't pulled any punches. I've agitated the problem

superbly.

Think about what this

means: Even if the city where you live does a

perfect job (it doesn't; it doesn't even come

close) of purifying your water supply...

Your Water, After Traveling Through Several

Miles Of Pipes,

Is Still Likely To Have Lots Of Horrible

Stuff In It

When It Comes Out Of Your Faucet!

I'm restating the same message as

above... but... from a different angle. I'm building

different pictures in the prospect's mind. This heightens

the emotional intensity in the prospect.

But, very likely, your

city simply can't do a perfect job of

cleaning up your water supply. The problem is

just too overwhelming. So, what they do is,  they dump chlorine in the water! Which, in a

way, is good... because... chlorine kills a lot

of those nasty, disease-causing bugs in the

water. But hey, you know why it is able to kill

all those bugs? It's very simple...

I'm reading the prospect's mind here.

He doesn't know it but I'm building up loads and loads of

rapport with him? Why, because I've entered his train of

thought. I've raised objections at the exact same time he

raised those same objections in his own mind. And I've

addressed those issues at the exact same time I've got him

thinking about them.

Also what I'm doing with all these problems

I'm writing about is eliminating the competition. This is an

important click on the dial of a good copywriter. This pays

huge dividends later when you offer the solution. The effect

this is going to have in the mind of the prospect is that MY

solution is the ONLY solution.

It's Because Chlorine Is Poison!

That's why most U.S.

citizens have fewer cavities in their teeth

these days: It's because the chlorine in our

drinking water kills those little organic

microbes that eat away at the enamel on our

teeth. However, using a poison like chlorine to

kill the "bad guy" microbes is sort of like

undergoing chemotherapy when you have cancer. In

other words, not only do the cancer cells get

zapped; many of your non-cancerous cells also

get zapped... and often... your hair falls out,

you get extremely tired and your zest for life

is considerably diminished.

I'm posing even more problems. Awesome

problems. My reader's internal state feels like shit now. By

now he's wondering if there's any hope for him. He's

mentally dying for a solution.

Speaking of cancer, there

are five different articles in certified

publications from the EPA, Massachusetts General

Hospital, University of Alabama, University of

Georgia, and the University of Florida that all

prove...

Drinking Chlorinated Water

Increases Your Chances Of

Dying From Cancer By 44%!

Plus, it has all kinds of

other bad (horribly bad) effects on your

health.

Didn't you just love that bit about

chlorine? And isn't that analogy I drew about cancer and

chemo pure genius? I've got an image already popped up in

the prospect's mind of losing hair, losing weight, and

looking sickly from the chemo. Not a pretty sight. Brutal!

Not only that, I've introduced statistics!

But not just any stats.... reputable stats from the EPA and

reputable university. This is "gospel" now.

But wait! Don't go

getting angry at your municipal water company.

They are very likely doing the best job they can

considering the huge problems they are trying to

solve. Yes, it's true: Chlorine is bad for you.

But, the "bad guys" that would otherwise still

be alive in our water supply... if... it wasn't

chlorinated... is truly the stuff of

which nightmares are made.

When you start talking

about E-coli, omoebic cysts, cryptosporidium,

giordia and so on, you are talking about

"biological villains" that cause...

Health Problems You Don't Even Want To Know

About!

Big scientific technological

words that ooze creditability. I'm establishing myself as an

expert on this subject. Throughout this entire ad, I sound

like I am "THE" authority on this subject.

Again, chlorine is like

chemotherapy: It's the lesser of two evils. In

truth, any way you look at it, it's still a

terrible situation.

I'm answering the question that no

doubt the prospect has in his mind: "Why use chlorine?" This

is rather clever on my part. Why? Because I certainly do NOT

want the reader to get to the end of this ad with questions

left unanswered in his mind. That would massively cut

response.

So, what's the answer?

Well, millions of Americans now have water

filtration devices in their homes... and... that

does solve part of the problem. However,

when Carl Palmer was doing his research, he

discovered 50% to 60% of all the water we drink

in our lifetime...

Is Water We Drink Away From Home!

I've just knocked out another

competitor: Water filtration systems. How? By telling the

reader the all important statistic the majority of the water

we drink is actually away from our own home. I figure at

this stage of the ad, the reader is thinking about filters.

But my copy slams them! I was reading their mind with the

precision of a Swiss watch.

It's no wonder the

bottled water industry is such a big business.

How big is it? I'm glad you asked. Just in the

United States alone, the annual sales volume of

bottled water... is more... than... 4.2

billion dollars!

I'm establishing context here. I'm

whetting the prospect's appetite with such huge numbers.

This will pay enormous dividends later when I introduce the

investment opportunity.

Plus, it backs up my earlier claim about the

potential of billions in sales with this invention.

But, there's a couple of

problems with bottled water: (1) First, there

are about 350 different brands and not all of

them are selling good water. Some of it is as

bad as plain old ordinary tap water. Some of it

is worse. In fact, some of it is ordinary tap water. What a racket: Fill a

plastic bottle with water from a faucet... and

then... sell it at a 2,000% markup! (2)

Secondly, whether it's good or bad, all bottled

water is expensive.

For example, in Miami

Beach at a local convenience store, an 11-ounce

bottle of Perrier sells for $1.40. If you bother

to do the math, you'll discover this works out

to $16.29 per gallon. Actually, because Miami

Beach is a resort area and Perrier is one of the

more costlier brands of bottled water, this per

gallon price is higher than average. However,

even in non-resort areas, the usual average price for bottled water is still very

high, like maybe $7.00 or $8.00 per gallon.

And now I've knocked out the final

competitor: Bottled water. But I've kept the problems

coming. By this stage, I've got my reader dying to hear a

solution to all of this.

Plus, almost every

American who buys bottled water buys a lot of

it. I mean really a lot! Let's face it:

You need water every day. And, if you

exercise, you need even more than other people.

That's why many health-conscious Americans...

Spend More Than $1,600 Per Year

Just On Bottled Water!

My goal here is to piss off the

reader and give him the first hint that maybe there's a huge

money-making opportunity here. I'm telling them how they are getting

fleeced whenever they purchase bottled water. In essence,

I'm stating yet another problem! By now, not only are they

plenty pissed off... I've also established the market-size

to the prospect. I've proven Americans spend a lot on water!

Finally, I've induced an interesting statistic. Holy Shit!

Now I've got my reader glued to this ad as Bill Clinton was

whenever he was looking at a sexy available female.

Actually by now, I've weaved so much factual

information into this ad, stuff that people did NOT know

before... this is now something all the readers will be

talking about with their friends and relatives around the

water cooler and in other social settings.

But now, let's talk about

something truly exciting. Imagine you go to a

store and you buy yourself a bottle of Avian,

Perrier, Arrowhead or any other brand of bottled

water. Then, you drink the water from that

bottle... but... instead of throwing the bottle

away and going to the store to get another

one... you fill up that empty bottle with water

from your faucet... or... from a lake... or...

from a river... or... even from a public

swimming pool! Next, you put the cap back on

the bottle... and... because that cap has an  incredibly effective filter on the bottom of

it, the water that now comes out of the bottle

will be equal to... or better (in taste

and purity) than the water you originally

purchased.

Only... you didn't

have to buy it again!

Which means, instead of

paying $7.00 or $8.00 per gallon for bottled

water (that is NOT even guaranteed to be pure)

you end up getting water that IS guaranteed pure for mere pennies per gallon.

Plus, you don't have to

run back to the store whenever you need more

water.

Plus, you can take your

bottle with its new, space-age, magic filter

bottle cap... anywhere you go... even Mexico...

and you will always have an endless

supply of the purest water you can drink.

Oh, thank God! I've offered a

solution! I've given them the "magic pill". The way I

described it, the cap is the ultimate solution to this water

problem. Think about it: Now they know they can use almost

any water source and get clear, clean, healthy water. By

the way, wasn't the words "even Mexico" a pure Halbert touch

of genius?

Sounds like a dream,

doesn't it? Well, because of what Carl Palmer

has developed for Seychelle Technologies, it is

now a dream come true. You see, Carl is the

inventor of the reverse osmosis water filtration

system which is what he sold to Coca-Cola, AMF

and Shaklee. But, that's what Carl invented

27 years ago. It's still a very effective

water filtration system and it's still in

widespread use. However, the water filtration

system Carl has now invented exclusively for Seychelle Technologies... is... leap

years ahead... of any other system on the

market... including... the one he personally

invented 27 years ago.

First up, Carl has credibility by

association because he sold out to Coca-Cola. However, that

was 27-years ago. By implication though, if Coke bought the

original product, you've got to assume it was

state-of-the-art. A wonderful product. After all, Coca-Cola

is not a mom-and-pop business. This new product then must be

absolutely first-rate. But I don't say any of this outright.

I simply IMPLY it so vividly they cannot help but picture

the truth of it in their own mind. I've seduced the reader

ever so delicately and let him form the logical connection

in his own mind. This is FAR more powerful than me saying it

directly.

One of the reasons Carl

was able to create this amazing new filter is,

he owns the world distribution rights to

something called "sorbent media"... which... it

turns out... is very likely to be the best water

filtration material on this planet. One of the

reasons is, it has a "pore size" of only two

microns (many water filters have a pore size of

50 to 100 microns) which means that a much

higher percentage of the toxic "bad guys" can't

get through the filter.

Another "reason why". Critical when

you're attempting to write powerful copy.

Plus, this material is  so thin, if you would unravel the amount of

it compressed into this tiny, new,

super-effective filter...

It Would Cover A Surface Area

Of 15,000 Square Feet!

What an impressive number! A true

"WOW!" factor! Keeps them riveted to my ad. They've gone

from being interested... to being absolutely fascinated.

This filter also has

ionic properties... which means... it has the

ability to chemically bond to volatile organic

compounds often found in polluted water. In

other words, it just reaches out and grabs them

(they're another breed of disgusting "toxic

villains") and holds them to the surface of the

filter.

Holy Shit! We're talking about a

miracle invention here!

The bottom-line: Water

passed through this filter is equal to... or

even better... than the water found in any

bottled water you can buy anywhere in the world.

Huge benefit statement.

The second bottom-line:

Because of the unique materials used to create

this filter, it can be miniaturized to the size

of a walnut and still purify an enormous amount of water. So, what Seychelle Technologies

now has ready to market is not water,

it's a water bottle that purifies water. It's plastic. About the same size as a

bottle of Avian, Perrier, Arrowhead or what have

you... but... the difference is... the cap that

goes on the bottle has an amazing ionic

microfiltration device (it's a major trade secret) attached to the bottom of it...

and... a small plastic straw going up through

the top of the cap.

I'm now romanticizing this lid. I've

left the reader no doubt in his mind whatsoever we're

talking about a major trade secret.

Fill the bottle with

water (from almost any source), screw on

the cap... and then... you can sip through the

straw... and drink safe water from any

location on earth!

The ultimate magic pill.

This space-age water

bottle retails for $29.95 and it will purify so

much water...

You Can Refill It

More Than 1,000 Times!

To get that same amount

of pure water (assuming it is pure) by

purchasing bottled water, you would have to

spend approximately $1,700.00!

Plus, you'd have to keep

going back to the store over and over.

The reader is now thinking, "I

want this! I want this! I want this!"

This invention saves

lives! It has the potential of eradicating a

significant percentage of human health problems.

It is now being introduced on an emergency basis

in Mexico, Argentina, China, Malaysia, Korea,

India, and 11 other countries... and... some

very private market research indicates that in

1998...

This Product Is Literally

Going To Swamp The U.S. Market!

Many readers will be salivating now.

I've not only appealed to the altruistic part of their

personality, I've also given them numbers and described a

profit potential they can make... while at the same time...

saving lives. What you just read caused a HUGE bump on this

ad. Because of just that one paragraph above.

Carl Palmer is extremely

passionate about this invention....

because... as stated earlier... it can save

lives and prevent an enormous amount of human

misery. That's why he has chosen to work  exclusively with Seychelle Technologies

who... in turn... have agreed not to

become involved with any other projects... so... they can focus 100% on the production and

marketing of this one item!

This gives Carl integrity and even

more credibility.

Seychelle Technologies

(located at 1920 Main Street, Suite 1020,

Irvine, California 92614) has enormous growth

potential. They are passionately committed to

producing and marketing Carl Palmer's amazing

new invention... as fast... as their

financing will allow them to expand! If you

would like to have more information on this

exciting company, you are welcome to call and

leave your name and address with one of the

secretaries at Seychelle Technologies.

When you do that, you

will be sent immediately (and free of charge) a

video tape that features Carl Palmer explaining

his invention... and... another man, DuSean

Berkich (CEO of Seychelle Technologies) giving

an overview of the company and its plans for

expansion. Here's the number:

1-800-000-0000

By now I've got them dialing that 800

number as fast as their pudgy little fingers can move.

-------END OF AD-------

We

received hundreds and hundreds of telephone calls from

people wanting the two video tapes. I answered many of those

phone calls myself. The people were almost hysterical to get

in on this opportunity. They were practically screaming into

the phone, "Listen to me. I'm an

accredited investor. I can put 10 to 15 million dollars into

this deal without breaking a sweat." Call after call came in of that nature.

Unfortunately, they CEO of Seychelle

Technologies had no idea he was dealing with the "Wonder Kid

Of Marketing", Sir Gary of Halbert, who can generate

response like no one else in the world. Only a fraction of

the calls got answered. They did not have the videos ready

to send out. They did not have a follow-up response in

place. Basically, when the phones started ringing off the

hook, everybody at Seychelle Technologies... except me of

course... was stunned.

They tried to gear up (very clumsily I might

add) for what would happen if we ran the ad a second time.

They did run the ad a second time... with

approximately the same results. And Seychelle still was not

ready. They still could not answer all the phone calls. They

still didn't have the videos to send out to the prospects.

By this time I was sickened. I do not

know for sure but a very educated guess I got by working the

phones myself was that this ad could have generated four

hundred million dollars in investor funding. Here I

had a product to promote which was needed by every human on

earth and could save millions of lives. And I had worked my

ass off creating a masterpiece ad to promote that product.

For a group of executives of Seychelle Technologies who, as it turned out,

couldn't walk across the room without stepping on their

dicks.

But, there's a lot more to this story.

As it turned out Seychelle's CEO (DuSean

Berkich) was a master con man.

Later, when he was investigated by a

detective agency, it turned out he had left a trail of

financially-devastated people all across the United States.

He had been doing this continuously for the last 30-years.

He was NOT interested in promoting this

miraculous invention. Not really. All he was interested in

was the "quick kill".

He cheated everyone he dealt with. He

cheated the people who brought him this idea. He cheated

Carl Palmer. He cheated the ENTIRE WORLD by not arranging it

so this product became a success. All he was interested in

was taking the company public and then scarfing off his

stock profits as soon as possible. He is very close to being

the most despicable human being I've ever encountered.

I told him I was pulling out of the project.

By then he knew I was so valuable to the operation, he

offered me an honest-to-God one million dollars to stay with

Seychelle. I refused. But then he made a monster mistake.

You see, DuSean Berkich was a pure-bred

sociopath. He had no compassion for other people whatsoever.

And without knowing how I would react to it, he screwed two

of my best friends in an exceptionally cruel fashion.

One of them was a girl I had met in Miami

Beach. Her name was Kari Cherine and I had gotten her a job

working with DuSean as a secretary. Then one day, just about

a week before Christmas he unceremoniously fired her for no

valid reason whatsoever. Truthfully I suspect the man was a

closet homosexual and that exceptionally beautiful women had

a tendency to enrage him.

Another of my best friends was one of the

guys who put this deal together. DuSean cut him out of any

part of the potential profits.

DuSean also screwed Carl Palmer the inventor

of the water cap.

So I went to the office one last time and I

told DuSean I wanted to have a private conversation with

him. What I told him is I was going to destroy both him and

his company and I was going to do it immediately and he

would never know how it happened.

Four days later, Seychelle Technologies

collapsed.

If you know much about investing, you know

when you are forming an IPO you go on a road trip to raise

start-up money. DuSean already had his road trip people in

Switzerland, France, all over Europe and the United States.

They had been sent there to talk with potential investors.

Guess what?

Whenever they walked into a building to talk

with a potential investor, one of the assistants in that

building would meet them and tell them, "Mr. So and So is not going to

meet with you. He is never going to meet with you. And I'm

to tell you that you are never welcome on these premises.

There is to be no further discussion." Then the road trip representative was unceremoniously

ushered out of the building.

And for some reason, all the giant retailers like K-Mart,

Wal-Mart, etc. were no longer interested in doing any type

of business whatsoever with Seychelle Technologies.

I also told DuSean in that private meeting

that not only was I going to destroy him and his company but

I was going to haunt him for the rest of his days and he was

never going to be able to bilk anyone else.

As it played out, DuSean kept trying to put

small scams together in the United States. For "mysterious

reasons" nothing seemed to work out for him.

Finally he moved to an offshore location. I

got his telephone number and I called him. I checked the

time differences between the United States and his offshore

location and I made sure the call would arrive at night when

he was asleep so it would be picked up by his answering

machine. Then I spoke for a few minutes into his answering

machine and hung up laughing.

I'm not going to tell you what I said. But I

will guarantee you DuSean has never enjoyed 10-minutes of

peace of mind since that telephone call.

About 1-1/2 years ago, I got a call from

someone who knew DuSean Berkich. We exchanged stories about

what an evil and despicable being he was. The reason this

man called me was to tell me DuSean had committed suicide.

But there was something strange. It seems his body was

cremated almost immediately after his death and his lawyer

and no one else could come up with a death certificate.

I don't know whether DuSean Berkich is dead

or not. I am not one to rejoice in anyone's death... no

matter how evil they are. But I must admit, if I knew for

certain DuSean Berkich was indeed deceased, I would shed

nary a tear.

I wonder if he's had plastic surgery to

change his appearance and is running around damaging more

people. If he is, I'd love to know about it. I think if Mr.

Berkich is still alive... and you would arrange to put him

in a room with me... I wouldn't have to say a single word in

order for you to see all the blood drain out of his face and

watch him go into convulsions.

One thing about DuSean Berkich: He has a

personality trait very typical of con men. Believe it or

not, most con men will walk around a honest one hundred million

dollars in order to dishonestly scam someone out of a far

lesser amount. The "scam" is far more important to them than

the money. They get off by destroying people much more than

they do by making a legitimate profit.

In case you think I'm being harsh, I think

you should know not only did he milk millions of dollars out

of people, he was abusive to his wife and children (who by

the way attempted suicide while I was in California) and he

was indeed a "cancer" on the people of the earth.

What about Carl Palmer? I spent a lot of

time with him. He's brilliant. He's a genius. I think he

knows more about water filtration than anyone else on earth.

He also had (at the time... and maybe still does) a very

attractive young wife. He had the arrogance that often comes

along with genius. Sometimes I think he was actually silly

enough to think he was shaper than me.

I believe Carl Palmer, by default, inherited

the stewardship of Seychelle Technologies.

Should you invest in this company? Their

symbol is SYEV. Absolutely you should NOT!

SYEV now hardly qualifies for even being a

penny stock. It is now sold through what's called the "pink

sheets". On some days, it hardly trades at all. Technically

although Seychelle is a publicly traded company, there are

22,541,406 outstanding shares of stock. The "float" is only

2,979,820 shares. The rest of the shares, I believe, are

owned by a couple of scam artists in the Aspen, Colorado

area who would probably dump all the shares on the market

the instant it started to rise.

I have enormous respect for Carl Palmer. I

think he is a man whose work has massive benefits for

mankind. However, I suspect he has a couple of fatal flaws

which enable him to be sucked into business situations with

unsavory, dishonest people.

The first flaw, at least in my belief, is he

has no business savvy whatsoever. He's sorta like me. What I

mean is, he's so brilliant at what he does... he's able to

get by financially... in spite of making horrible business

decisions and blunders.

The second thing I believe is because of his

business experience with Shaklee he has been infected with

the "MLM Bug". Nowadays, when I discover someone has

contracted the "MLM Virus" I don't even try to talk or

reason with them. It's like trying to convince a Jew he

should convert to Christianity or vice versa. It's like

trying to convince a pro-lifer to be pro-choice or vice

versa.

I have an image of Carl in my mind. It's

rather sad. I picture him at home in California with his

beautiful wife, running a tiny Mickey Mouse operation, eking

out sales of his miraculous inventions. And trying to cope

with the responsibilities of being the major executive of a

pathetically crippled public company.

And think about this: Think about the

invention this man created. Think of how valuable the

invention would have been to the victims of Hurricane

Katrina. Think of how valuable that invention would be to

all the people who live in Africa. Did you know bad water is

responsible for the death of more human beings than anything

else in the world?

To put this in context, another thing you

need to know is I wrote this ad in 1997. That was at the

height of the "dotcom" and IPO boom. Everybody was in a

frenzy to get in on the next hot IPO. People's thinking was

completely upside down. They believed the more debt a

company had, the better the company. They invested millions

of dollars in companies which didn't even exist... except

for maybe a cubby-hole office. They invested millions of

dollars in companies which existed on nothing but an idea,

such as an imagined invention which would triple the gas

mileage of motor vehicles.

What Carl Palmer probably never realized is

that with his invention, he really didn't need a multi-level

marketing organization to sell a jillion of them. He also

didn't need a public company like Seychelle Technologies.

All Carl really needed was a very modest amount of money and

a marketing genius to promote his product.

Well, Carl got the marketing genius and he

could easily have gotten the money. But like millions of

other people in 1997, I think he was a bit "crazed" by the

possibility of participating in a hot IPO.

His mind had already (in my opinion) been

irreparably damaged by his experience with a MLM

organization.

You know, I actually don't know how to end

this newsletter. I do know it's a shame everybody in the

world doesn't have Carl's remarkable invention. Every word I

wrote about it was true. But, I suspect it's never going to

happen. I may be wrong but it's my opinion that Carl Palmer

is now too damaged to deal with in a sane businesslike way.

I also think DuSean Berkich has twisted up Carl's life so

thoroughly, it's possible it may never be untangled.

Maybe I'm wrong about all this. Maybe

somehow there will be a happy ending.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S. One more thing, I received an excellent analysis of the

water ad by a guy named Alexi. I don't know his last name

but I want to acknowledge I used a lot of what he had

written in his explanation of why this ad worked. And I used

a lot of it word-for-word. I don't know who this guy is but,

he's a plenty sharp guy.

P.S.#2 Here's something which confuses me: You know when

someone with money reads an ad like this written by me or

some of the other ads I have written and published on my

website, I absolutely cannot comprehend why they don't call

me first if they need a piece of copy written. I mean

honestly, do you think any other copywriter (living or dead)

could even approach my sheer genius? In all modesty, I

simply can't understand how anyone could escape the fact I

am truly the best who ever lived.

P.S.#3 At the very least, don't you think you should email me and tell me how much you appreciate me giving you an

incredible marketing education like this... which... you

couldn't get from anyone else on the planet?!

Peace.

CLICK HERE TO DISCOVEDR

EVEN MORE SECRETS OF "THE WATER AD"

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Halbert Publishing Inc.  All Rights

Reserved.