SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2005/09-15-05.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:34
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

The vast majority of this newsletter is going to be about

"Operation Moneysuck".

Most of you who read this newsletter do so

because you are interested in improving your copywriting

abilities... or... you are interested in starting or enlarging

a direct response business. What I'm going to write in

this letter is something you need to think seriously about if you want

to make an enormous amount of money in direct response.

If this newsletter turns out to be a bit

sloppy, please cut me a little slack as Theresa and I are... once again... working under hurricane conditions

courtesy of a bitch named "Rita".

Before I get going on "Operation Moneysuck",

I want to thank all of you who responded to my last few newsletters concerning the

disastrous

circumstances

caused by Hurricane Katrina. When I recommended the Jehovah's

Witnesses as the best organization

to help those victims, I expected to get a lot of

flack from my readers. To my surprise, I did not. What I got instead

was a

lot of people praising my courage to recommend such a

controversial, non-mainstream organization.

I believe I got exactly two e-mails bitching

about my recommending Jehovah's

Witnesses. Both of those e-mails were from

individuals who peppered their messages with quotes from the

Bible and maintained the Jehovah's Witnesses were nothing

more than a cult and didn't believe in

mainstream religious dogma.

Just in case any of you are confused, I would like to assure you, I, myself am

NOT a Jehovah's Witness.

And quite frankly, to be blunt, I don't give

a rat's ass about their religious beliefs. In fact, I don't

even know what they do believe... and for my money... it makes no

difference whatsoever. I'm going to tell you a little

story which will illustrate why I feel this way.

Once, a long time ago, I was with my father

in a rather un-seaworthy boat attempting to navigate a

particularly dangerous part of the ocean. I was very scared.

The boat was in serious danger of

capsizing. Then I remembered something my father taught

me years earlier. He taught me if you are in a boat traveling

across dangerous waters, give the controls of

that boat to the person onboard who is the most skilled at

operating a boat under dangerous conditions. That means you

should NOT necessarily give the controls to the owner of the

boat... or... to the person who has the highest "rank" on

board... or... to the person who has been operating

boats for the longest period of time. You should give the

controls to the person who is BEST at navigating

that boat through dangerous water.

To state the obvious, it

shouldn't matter if the person is Black or White, Catholic

or Protestant, a midget or 7 feet tall, Republican or

Democrat, or what the person believes or thinks about

anything. It shouldn't matter if you love or hate the

person. And it shouldn't even if the person is in favor of an idea that disgusts you.

All that should matter is, you give the

controls of the boat to the person onboard who is

the most likely person to get you back to port safely.

So, rather than let my pride go

before a fall...

I Gave The Controls Of That Boat

In Those Dangerous Waters

To My Father!

What if you knew of a copywriter who almost

always wrote hugely successful direct mail pieces, space ads

and/or websites for his clients? Would you care if that

copywriter was Black or White, Catholic or Protestant, a

midget or 7 feet tall, Republican or Democrat? Or what his

or her religious beliefs were?

I think you wouldn't care about any of that.

I think you would hire the person who was most likely to

write a piece of copy for you which would make you the most money.

I think the same thing is true with about anything else of

importance which needs to get done. If you were suffering

from a potentially deadly disease, would you care about the

skin color or religious beliefs of the doctor who was

treating you? I think not. I think if you are sane, you

would want the doctor who is most likely to make you well

again.

I could go on and on with illustrations such as

these but, if you haven't gotten the point already, you are

brain dead.

As far as Jehovah's Witnesses are concerned,

they have an impeccable record for helping people who've

been affected by man made and/or natural disasters superior to any other organization of which I have

knowledge. Personally, I think they are obsessed,

theologically-misguided individuals who unnecessarily complicate their

lives and journey out into the world on Saturday mornings

and irritate people who are trying to recover from

hangovers.

But, by God, when it comes to stabilizing

and repairing after a disaster, THEY are the

people who get the job done without stealing any of the

money contributed for that purpose.

I think what I'm going to write now will

probably surprise you. I think nobody in this country should

donate another dime to help the victims of Hurricane

Katrina. Not even to the Jehovah's Witnesses. I'll tell you

why.

As of now, the total amount of money

already been donated or pledged to help those victims is

in the untold billions of dollars. Let me tell

you something about hundreds of billions of dollars. That amount of

money, at least in my opinion, does not exist anywhere on

earth in the control of people who are not outright stealing

a lot of it... or... who are spending it stupidly. At the very

least, if they are not stealing it or spending it stupidly...

if there is a gazillion dollars available... the kindest thing

you can say (again this is my opinion) is, much of that

money will be spent in a very ineffective manner.

I don't think more money needs to be

contributed to the victims of Hurricane Katrina. What I

think is really needed, is more people with at least half a

brain working on the problems created by the disaster. I

believe $100 in the hands of a capable, intelligent person

will provide more relief for those victims than $10,000 in

the hands of a corrupt or ineffective organization.

(Like Halliburton.)

But, there is a lot of goodness in the

hearts of the people of the world. A lot of us have a

genuine feeling of an overwhelming need to do something to

help those who have suffered from such a disaster. And, I have an idea I would like to throw out to

all of my readers (if for no other reason) than to give you

something to think about.

Very recently, I was flying back from a short trip to

Costa Rica on American Airlines Flight 972 and I was sitting

in seat 11D. Sitting next to me in seat 10D was a woman named

Bernadette Lewis. Her husband died of cancer at a very early

age. I learned from talking with her a few interesting

things.

First, her father-in-law was Sinclair Lewis

(now deceased of course), the first American writer to win

the Pulitzer Prize. Bernadette is 77 years old. She

had just recently moved from France to New Orleans. After she got

herself set up in an apartment, she decided to take a trip

to Costa Rica to visit her relatives there.

Her return flight from Costa Rica to New

Orleans was scheduled for the day Katrina hit New Orleans.

Naturally, Bernadette was stuck in Costa Rica and she had

to wait quite some time before she could get another return

flight. But when she made those new return flight

arrangements, it only included her

flying to Miami and then to Tampa. She didn't know how (or

if) she could return to New Orleans. And, of course, American

Airlines charged her extra because of the change in her

travel plans.

Bernadette didn't know if her apartment had survived the

hurricane. She was hopeful because it was on the second

floor of her building. She had a son in New Orleans who had

tried to board up his house but was unable to finish the job

and forced to evacuate the area by the New Orleans Police.

If I remember correctly, her son's house was close to her

apartment.

Bernadette told me she had just auctioned off most of her

possessions before she ever left New Orleans. She asked me,

"They'll have to pay me won't

they? After all, my possessions were auctioned off before

the hurricane." Apparently, when you work with an

auction house, you don't get paid until 30 days after your

items have been

sold. But again, she was asking me, "They'll have to pay me, won't

they? I mean, after all, my stuff was auctioned off before

the hurricane."

I didn't have the heart to point out to her

there was a great possibility the auction company

no longer existed. That it may very well have been destroyed

by Hurricane Katrina.

She told me she didn't mind if

people looted her apartment. She said there was nothing

to take but furniture and paintings. She didn't think the

looters were very much interested in furniture. And she was

hopeful they didn't understand the value of her

paintings.

In any case, here she was, having survived

the horrors of World War II and now (at 77 years of age)

trying to survive the horrors of Hurricane Katrina.

Bernadette was

attempting to return to her home (if it still existed) with

very little money and no possessions except what she took

with her on her  trip to Costa Rica.

I don't know what has happened to Bernadette

Lewis but, if anybody can find her and she needs some

help, I would be more than welcome to help her personally

to the best of my ability.

Meanwhile, thousands of miles away, my

youngest son Bond read in the "Los Angeles Times" some of

the evacuees had made it to Los Angeles and were being

sheltered there by the Red Cross. So you know what he did?

He went directly to the shelter, talked to the people,

and found out exactly what they needed. They were most

concerned with immediate needs to get them through the next

48 or 72-hours. So Bond made a list and went to

store after store buying items like deodorant, diapers,

toothbrushes, toothpaste, and lots of other stuff people use

on a day-to-day basis.

One curious thing the evacuees asked for was

decks of playing cards. This puzzled me at first. Then I got

to thinking about it. I guess playing poker or other card

games for matchsticks is a better way to get through the day

during the aftermath of a disaster... than just staring into

space hour after hour and worrying about your future.

Anyway, after he bought all these items, he

put them in his truck and drove back to the Red Cross shelter.

He gave everything directly to the people who needed it.

I'm enormously proud of my son. He has

far

more wisdom than his father will ever possess.

The message I've tried to illustrate here

is...

If You Want To Help The Victims

Of This Disaster, I Think You Should

Give That Help To The Victims Directly!

I've become jaded. I think the

worst organization in this country we can donate money to

help people is the United States Government. And, I am very

suspect of other major organizations such as the Red Cross,

the Salvation Army, Catholic Charities, and all the others. I

think each of these charities have many good people... but...

I suspect also each of the charities have some bad

apples who would embezzle the money

entrusted to them without a pang of conscience.

Anyway, I really don't want to receive any

more emails about Hurricane Katrina. Most of the emails I did receive were

intelligent and well-reasoned and had very good ideas in

them. But, I don't even want to read those kinds of emails

any more.

On a lighter note, one very misguided reader wrote that since so many people read my newsletter and trust me, I should form "The Gary Halbert Hurricane Relief Fund"

and raise money and administer the funds myself.

Is That Insane Or What?

Get it out of your head. I hereby promise

if anyone ever contributes money to "The Gary

Halbert Hurricane Relief Fund", I will spend that money on

booze, drugs, hookers, online gambling and making illogical bets on

Mexican cockfights.

Actually Shitweasel, I wouldn't do any of

that. But I would screw up the administration of the funds

in some uniquely creative way. I am not who many of you seem

to think I am. I'm somebody who's trying to make it from one

day to the next and whose game plan is "Trudge And Muddle".

One last thing on this subject: Recently, we

had a truly "banner" day for news. More bodies were being uncovered

in New Orleans. The problems caused all along the Gulf

Coast states were being covered in minute detail. Hurricane

Ophelia was pounding North Carolina with a vengeance. A very

large tropical disturbance was brewing in the Caribbean, and it looked like it was going to morph into a strong hurricane, and

head straight for Florida (it's almost here now), and

eventually make other landfalls along the

coastline of the United States. (Not much mystery about this

hurricane. It, like the others, is going to tear the ass out

of us once again.) Plus, other headline news that day were there were more casualties in Iraq

than any day since the war began. Also, two major

airlines filed for bankruptcy. I can guarantee you, there

was a

whole lot more horrible shit happened of which I am

blissfully unaware.

It doesn't seem to be getting better. So, you know what? I'm going to do my best

to put these tragedies out of my mind (at least until "Rita"

blows me off my balcony) and get back to doing what I do

best... which is...  teaching people how to be more

effective at...

Operation Moneysuck!

Let's say you are a copywriter and you want

to make a lot of money from the words you write. One way to

do this is to simply be a freelance copywriter and sell your

work to one or more clients. You can write for a set fee... or...

you can write and get paid a percentage of gross or net

sales... or... you can do a combination and charge a certain

amount up front plus X percentage of gross or net sales.

There are a lot of good clients out there who will pay you a

good amount of money in return for you creating good advertising

copy for them.

But, there are also a lot of bad clients who will screw you one way or another out of the

financial rewards of your hard-earned work. How shalt thy be

screwed?

There are two main ways:

#1: "Simple Theft"

You do the work, give it to

the client and he simply doesn't pay you. Or maybe he will

pay you your up-front fee but not the percentage from the sales

you are supposed to get (which can amount to an awful lot of

money). Almost every copywriter I know has been screwed in

this fashion. But the truth is, "Simple Theft" is the least significant

way you get screwed.

The preponderance of how you get

screwed out of money from clients is...

#2: "Under-Exploitation Of Your Work"

What I

mean by this is, you write something with a high ROI

(Return On Investment) but your client proceeds with almost

criminal caution. If it's a direct mail piece, maybe he'll

mail 5,000 letters and get $5 for every dollar he spends. But then he won't want to mail any other letters until he

tests a blue reply envelope against the white reply envelope

used in the test.

Or, maybe he will fear getting an

abnormal amount of refunds and he'll wait forever to make a

second mailing until he feels safe he's not going to

get a 70 or 80% refund rate.

Or,

maybe he has a merchant account with an absurd limit of only $10,000...

and...

you have given him a mailing piece, newspaper ad or website

that will gross much more in half a day.

Or, maybe he

will be stupid about customer service and making refunds and

get closed down by an alphabet agency before he really gets

the project going.

Most likely, however, your client will

suffer from a built-in mental barrier which makes him very

uncomfortable if he happens to be taking in large amounts of

money.

Of all the times you get screwed by clients from

simple theft... you will get screwed 50 times as often... by

people who don't have the brains, the balls or the skills to

properly exploit the money-making possibilities of the

advertising you have given them.

Think about this: Years ago, Ray Kroc walked into a restaurant

called "McDonald's" in a small city in California. He was

impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant and the

efficiency of how it was run. The guys who owned it (I think

they were two brothers named McDonald) were happy to sell

him the rights to franchise their restaurant operation. Of course, the rest is history. There are now McDonald's

restaurants in every civilized corner of the world and they

sell billions of burgers every day.

Get this:

Often the client to whom you are giving your

precious advertising copy is going to be more like one of

those McDonald brothers... than... he or she is going to be more

like Ray Kroc.

Let's say you decide not to write

for clients and only write for yourself. There are a few

people like Joe Sugarman, Ben Suarez, Ted Thomas and a

handful of others

who have done this very successfully. But, they are very

much the exception. Here's the way it most often

(99.999% of the time) it happens: You write a killer piece

which is very profitable and has a very high ROI. You want to keep all the money generated by this piece

for yourself. So, you decide to start and operate your own

business to exploit your own copywriting ability. My friend,

you have no idea what lies in store for you. If you haven't

tried to do this already...

You Don't Have A Clue

Of The Obstacles You Are

Going To Have To Overcome!

First of all, you're not going to have time

to write any more copy for any more projects. Nope.

Someone's going to have to man the phones to take the

orders. Your time will be spent either taking those orders

yourself or supervising your employees or keeping a close on

the telephone answering service you might hire.

And the same thing will happen with the mail

orders. Either you have to pick up the mail yourself or have

an employee do it and someone has to deposit all those

checks.

And someone has to fill all those orders.

Again, it's either you, your employees you're having to

supervise, or some fulfillment agency you're watching.

Of course, you'll also have to have a merchant

account to process your credit card orders. And that, my

friend, is when

you will find how delicate that particular link in your

chain of success is. There's a very good possibility your

merchant account (even if you've had it for 20-years) will be canceled... without any warning

whatsoever. This might result simply because you did

something that caused a legitimate but abrupt increase in

your income flow. Or it might be canceled because a few nut cases

have called the bank operating your merchant account

with irrational complaints about your company.

Or, your merchant account might be canceled, believe it or not, for no

rational reason whatsoever. Maybe

some underpaid clerk at the bank was having a bad hair day

and resented the idea you were taking in

a lot of money.

Most of you think if you run your

business in an ethical and upright manner you'll never have

to worry about customer complaints. You couldn't be more

wrong. Customers (and even non-customers) will complain about

anything imaginable. Once, I mailed one of my semi-famous

dollar bill letters to a lot of people and the first line of

the letter read:

As you can see, I've attached a nice, crisp

$1 bill to the top of this letter.

And you know what? One

guy sent me a very hostile complaint letter because the $1

bill I sent him was a little wrinkled and not crisp and

neat. This is a true story. Can you imagine that? Here's a

guy who receives absolutely free money in

the mail and bitches about the fact the dollar he

received was not in 100% mint condition.

Most likely, if you decide to run a business

for yourself, what you really will have done is... have created

a JOB for yourself. And, not only that, you will be driven

crazy and end up...

Having A Madman For A Boss!

Well, what should you do?

I've given this an

enormous amount of thought.

I was blessed when I had my

first direct marketing success by hooking up with a partner,

Dennis Haslinger (now deceased), who ran the business with

the precision of a Swiss watch... and... cheerfully paid me my half of the profits. It was a

dream situation come true. All I had to do (basically) was write the

sales letters, give them to Dennis, and then sit back and

cash checks written to me every month.

Dennis died in the 1990's and I

have been looking for someone I could hook up with

like him ever since. But a guy like Dennis is borderline

impossible to find. Let me tell you some of the

characteristics that type of person needs to possess:

First, he or she needs to be honest and

ethical. The most important aspect of that honesty and

ethicalness is the person will pay YOU the share of the

money you personally deserve.

Second, the

person must possess the ability to intelligently run very

rapidly with a good idea. He or she needs to be a person

that, when presented with a winning idea, will proceed

with it like a Ray Kroc and not like one of the McDonald

brothers.

Third, the person needs to be savvy. He or

she needs to know the things you must avoid doing to incur

the wrath of alphabet agencies, an unnecessarily high refund

rate, and the toxic venom of people in general towards

financially successful people.

Fourth, the person must have

one or more extremely solid merchant accounts to process credit card orders. It's been my experience most people who have an existing merchant account have no

idea whatsoever how fast it is likely to

disappear once they become involved in a direct marketing

endeavor.

Fifth, the person must have a lot of money. If you really want to go balls-to-the-wall

as far as making money is concerned, you must hook up with

somebody who is financially solid enough to exploit your

marketing endeavors with the speed of light... and... do so without financial fear.

Sixth, the last characteristic I'm going to

talk about is, the person has to be likable. And, by

"likable" I mean compatible with you. What does it matter

how much money you make if you have to interact every day

with some anal uptight shitweasel you can barely tolerate?

There's more, but that's all I can think of

off the cuff right now. And, believe me, those

characteristics are enough to eliminate 99.999% of all

people you might want to team up with.

Okay, now let's get down to business: Over

the last few years (since I first began putting my

newsletters online) my readership has expanded in an almost

scary fashion. I'm not sure of the exact number but, I think

my newsletters are now read by English speaking people in

approximately 90 countries besides the United States. I

think it's fair to say almost every copywriter and

everybody else of significance in the direct marketing world

is reading my newsletters with insanely rapt attention. They

not only read them, they print all of them out. They bind

them in books. They send me thousands of

emails of praise. And, many of them, it seems, are hesitant

to make a marketing decision without first finding out...

"What

Would Gary Think?"

This is all great for the ego, but

it's also insanity. Mostly, when people are wondering "What

would Gary think?"... all I am really thinking about is

the overwhelming difficult problems (at least difficult

for me) of how to get my laundry done and one of my shirts

ironed.

But, the larger point is, somehow I have

become possibly the most "connected" person in the direct

marketing universe. And, more importantly, I have found a

very tiny handful of people who have all (and sometimes

more) of the characteristics I described earlier above.

Let's talk

about a vision: Let's envision you have written a great

sales letter, newspaper ad or some other type of advertising

copy, and you send it to me.

And, let's suppose I read it and make a

judgment that, if tested, there's a good chance what

you have written will become a success.

Then,

let's suppose I deliver your precious piece of work to one

of the tiny handful of people I believe to be the

Dennis Haslingers of the New Millennium. Your piece will

then be tested and tested rapidly. If the test works

(meaning it makes a profit), the person who conducted the test will put

up all the money needed to run with your promotion faster

than Lance Armstrong can pedal a bike on a downhill slope.

And let's suppose that person will also take care of all product fulfillment,

process credit card orders,

accept all the mail orders, handle all the complaints, deal with any alphabet agency

problems, provide both you and me with an accurate

accounting of everything that's transpired... and... pay us a more

than fair share of the profits generated from

the exploitation of your genius copywriting ability.

I say pay "us" because I'm not going to do

this for you or for our modern day "Ray Kroc" just out of

the goodness of my heart. I will do it ONLY because, acting

as the middleman, I get a slice of the pie.

Think a moment about the advantages of

an arrangement such as this: First of all, it reduces

the things you have to do to make money down to the bare

minimum. In fact, if my vision works as I expect it will, the

only thing you will have to do to make more money is write

another successful piece of advertising copy. Then after that, write

another and another and another.

Otherwise, if you decide to run a business on your own,

what's probably going to happen is, you are going to

find the time to do the most profitable thing (writing copy)

will diminish down to approximately 20-minutes out of an

80-hour work week. You see, what's happened to the rest of

your time will be filled

up with the demands imposed on you by LMS (Lesser Mortal

Shit). You'll be so busy getting mailings out, finding the

money to finance those mailings, shipping orders, handling

refunds, processing credit card orders, talking with

alphabet agencies, replying to Better Business Bureau

complaints, and smoothing the feathers of irate customers

(and non-customers), your time for creating world-class

copy will be diminished to less than the time you spend

brushing your teeth every day.

Think I'm exaggerating? Trust me, I'm not. I

know whereof I speak. And, it's only getting worse. The

problems of owning and operating a business in the United

States are

exponentially increasing on a daily basis.

Here's what I think you should do (or at

least, here's something I think you should consider): I think

you should send your next or current marketing promotion to

me along with your contact details. If I think it's something worth testing, I will

contact you and we'll discuss it. If you and I can come to

an arrangement, then I will give your piece to one of my tiny handfuls of

"Ray Krocs" to exploit and run with.

Here's

something else you should think about: I think if you

have already written a successful piece which is making you money, you might consider letting me have a look

at that promotion also. Because, the chances are excellent

that successful piece could be much

more profitable if it were being handled by someone

the likes of which I have just described. Also, there's

a VERY good chance I can "tweak" your already

profitable promotion in such a way, it will become

exponentially more profitable.

I'm just putting all this out for your

consideration. You can do with your business and your life

whatever you choose. All I'm doing here is offering you an

alternative. (Actually that's a great understatement. What

I'm really offering you is...

A Vast Improvement

In The Quality

Of Your Life!

If you're interested, please email me your

sales copy with

all of your contact details. Needless to say, don't send

me anything that involves multi-level marketing or anything

dishonest or unethical or scammy in any way. I prefer to deal

only with marketing promotions that under-promise and

over-deliver.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

PS – I've reconsidered creating "The Gary

Halbert Hurricane Relief Fund." I've decided after all I want to do it. I want everybody reading this letter to

make a contribution to this fund. I want all of the

contributions to be made in the form of small, unmarked bills of

$20 denomination or less. And, in the spirit of good

Samaritans, I want you to send me your envelope full of

cash, without revealing to me your name or return address. I

want all of the contributions to be completely anonymous so

you can have the satisfaction of having done a good

deed for reasons so unselfish, you didn't even want

anybody else to know it was you that did the good deed.

Send the cash to the address at the top of this newsletter

and write on the outside of the envelope:

"Theresa, do not

open this envelope.

For Gary's eyes only."

I promise you, once I receive enough cash, I will go personally to

the disaster areas of the Gulf States and make sure as many young women as possible have

such a glorious "good time" they will be able to stop

thinking of the nightmare their lives have become. (At

least for a night or two.)

Not only that, if I receive enough

money to straighten out the Hurricane Katrina mess, any

money I have left over, I will scurry to the Middle

East and straighten out the problems over there.

In addition

to that, I will begin devoting all my leftover energies to

curing cancer, heart disease, AIDS and every other deadly

affliction known to man.

So, contribute now. Contribute

generously. Contribute anonymously. And, trust in me.

I wouldn't lie to you, would I?

I just turned on my TV and our local weather

man (Brian Norcross) says the effects of Hurricane Rita is

only minutes away from knocking on my door.  Adios Shitweasel. I'm outta here.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.