SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2005/07-26-05.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:24
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

In this letter, I'm going to give you the

"STAND OUT" reason my personal ad featured in "Can You Guess

Part III?" was so successful.

Just in case you're having a "senior moment"

that was the ad that started with the lead-in headline... "Are

You More Than Just Another Pretty Face?" - followed by

the main headline... "Generous, Creative Businessman Wants

To Find A Hot, Sexy Woman With A Good Sense Of Humor".

OK, just like "Can You Guess (Part I)?" I

received an amazing number of emails from people guessing

why this ad worked so well. Here's their guesses:

Headline: Many of my readers guessed the ad

worked so well because the headline was so dead-on-target.

This is certainly one of the reasons the ad was so

successful.

Dominated The Page: Many of my eagle-eyed

readers noted the fact this ad appeared in the classified

section of the paper... and... since it was a full-page

ad... there were no other ads to compete with it. Once

again, this is one of the reasons the ad was so successful.

The Word "Generous": Many people guessed that using

the word "generous" in my headline was pretty much iron-clad

insurance many women would be interested in what I had to

say. I think that's true. But curiously enough, as far as I

can tell, only one of the women who answered the ad was an

out-and-out gold digger. In fact, this particular woman only

read the headline and then dropped all the way down to the bottom

of the ad which told how to contact me. When I met her, it

was obvious she hadn't read the ad and my meeting with her,

if memory serves me correctly, lasted only about three or

four minutes. All the rest of the women who answered the ad

(at least this seemed true to me) were not gold diggers but,

they were women who didn't want to date any more losers.

Humorous: A lot of the guesses were the ad

worked because it was so humorous. I think that's true also.

Women, at least psychologically, like a man who can make

them laugh. Most women want to hook up with a guy who is

intelligently humorous.

All of these were good guesses. All of the

above were, indeed, factors which made the ad work. But

remember... what I said we were

looking for was the "stand out" reason the ad

worked. I put those ads in my newsletters to illustrate a

certain feature... a "stand out" feature... which made them

work so much better than other ads. Even

other winning ads.

The stand out feature in this particular ad

is very much the same to the stand out feature which made

the ad in "Can You Guess (Part I)?" (the ad for the

Eye Surgery Centers of Tennessee) work so well. What made the ad for the

Eye Surgery Centers work so well was proof... specific proof.

And the REAL answer, the STAND OUT feature of my personal

ad was...

SPECIFICITY

For example, when I described myself, I

did so

specifically, very specifically. Matter of fact, I described

myself so well, the women I met as a result of my ad were

able to recognize me immediately (even though they had not

seen a physical picture of me).

You know, I've often wondered about people

who lie about their age and appearance in personal ads. How

could they muster up the nerve to meet someone who has never

seen them before but had only read a description of them

which indicated they were 20-years younger, 12-inches taller,

and 40-pounds thinner than they actually are? It reminds me

of a scenario I carry around in my head.

A man and woman date each other. They're both committed to the idea

they should not have a sexual relationship until they are

married. After dating a while, they decide to get married.

On their wedding night, the woman takes off her

bra and sets it on the dresser. Not only has she removed her

bra, she has also removed the falsies she

had been wearing which made her breasts look 3-cup sizes

larger than they actually are.

Then she shimmies out of the girdle which had been

responsible for giving her the appearance of a small, petite

waistline.

She goes into the bathroom and removes her makeup which

now reveals an

acne-scarred complexion.

As for the man, he starts by taking off his shoes.

Shoes,

which turn out to be "elevator" shoes. Ones which

made him appear

several inches taller than he actually is. (By the way, did you know John Wayne

wore boots with such high heels and lifts inside his boots

they made him appear 8-inches taller?)

Anyway, after our man

takes off his shoes, he also removes the expensive hairpiece

he was wearing which gave him the appearance of having dark, thick,

youthful-looking curly hair.

It turns out he likewise was wearing a girdle.

And when it's removed, his much larger gut is suddenly

revealed as opposed to the thinner waistline he had when he was fully dressed.

To top it all off, they each had gone into

the bathroom, pulled out their false teeth and plopped them

into glasses of water, revealing toothless smiles.

This is an exaggerated scenario. But a less

exaggerated similar scenario happens, I think, thousands of

time every day. If you want to lose your belief in the

credibility of other humans, I can tell you an easy way to

do it... just start dating people you meet online.

I'm only going to tell the following story

because, as an Alpha Shitweasel, I feel an obligation to

occasionally embarrass and humiliate my closest friends.

As you know, I have been training a

brilliant, young copywriter from Ireland named Caleb O'Dowd.

Not long ago, he "met" a woman online through something

called "Craig's List". This woman described herself as

extremely attractive, curvaceous and sexy, with all sorts of

other outstanding attributes. Caleb made a date with

her. As his mentor, I told him it would be prudent if we

planned an "escape route" for him... just in case. What we

agreed was, after he had been with her for about 20-minutes,

I would call his cell phone. I would tell him we had a

problem with the telephone operators who were taking orders

for his business and it had to be fixed immediately. If the

date was going well, Caleb would tell me that I should handle the

problem myself and he would take care of it the

following day. However, if the date was not going well,

Caleb would tell me that he would come back to the office immediately so

he could personally resolve the problem.

Well, me being me, and me being almost certain his

date was going to be a disaster, I purposely didn't call him

in 20-minutes. After about 45-minutes, I did break down and call him.

I told him about the problem just like we had discussed.

Caleb said,

"Thank you for the phone call. I'll

leave right away to take care of it."

I responded,

"That's really not

necessary Caleb. I think Amit, Theresa and I can really

handle it."

"NO!"

He yelled.

"I'm leaving RIGHT NOW

to take care of this. It's too important for me not to come

back."

Then I replied,

"No, really, you just go ahead

and enjoy your date. I assure you, we can handle it without

you."

He then screamed,

"I'll fix it myself DAMN IT!

Don't do a thing without me."

When Caleb got back and started telling

Amit and myself about his date, we were convulsed with

laughter. Caleb said she had described herself as having a

guitar-shaped figure. When, in fact, she had an ass the size

of a Mack truck! He ranted and raved about the wretchedness

of this woman so much so, I wish Amit and I would have had a

video tape running. It would have played well on "The Comedy

Channel".

By the way, this woman's name was Jamiel and

she'll never read this newsletter. So I want everybody who

does read it and who ever has the chance to

meet Caleb to say something to him like,

"Hey Caleb, want to

go to the bar and have a drink or maybe a cup of coffee? I've

got Jamiel waiting there for you."

Caleb being Irish is extremely fair-skinned.

We went to the beach a couple

weeks ago and he got lobster-red sunburned. But I tell

you... that rich-red sunburn was nothing compared to

the embarrassed flush that still comes over Caleb whenever anybody

mentions the name "Jamiel".

I've now given you something very

valuable: A tool with which to embarrass and humiliate a

good person whenever you're having a bad day.

Seriously though and all kidding aside, I

just don't understand how a person can grossly misrepresent

themselves in a personal ad... and then... have the nerve to

appear in person, looking and being so different than the

way they had described themselves.

So let me get back to and elaborate on the "stand out"

feature of my personal ad... which... once again was...

SPECIFICITY

Not only did I accurately describe my

physical appearance, I also told the specifics of my workout

routine. I was so specific, I even mentioned the fact that when I did my roadwork, it

was near Lake Hollywood. I was specific and truthful about my two

marriages and the other women I had met in the recent past.

I was very specific about what I wanted in a woman... and...

what I didn't want in a woman.

All of you know (or at least

you should know) the copywriting formula AIDA (Attention

Interest Desire Action). I think an "S" should be added to

the end of that formula. The "S" would stand for "Specificity".

I'm now going to reveal a secret which can

multiply the profit of many, if not all, of the marketers

who read this newsletter.

This secret is true for ALL marketers... but

especially... especially... especially... true for online

marketers.

I've said it many times before and I'll say

it again: There are three reasons people do NOT buy from

you:

1) They don't want what you are selling.

2) They can't afford what you are selling.

3) They don't believe you.

Many of the people who go into direct

marketing and, especially those who go into internet direct

marketing, do so because they have "Walter Mitty"

personalities. A Walter Mitty type person is a guy who

dreams grandiosely in his mind's eye about doing heroic

things. Like maybe playing in The Superbowl. Or dating a

stunning model like Claudia Schiffer. Or making millions of

dollars like Bill Gates. But in reality, the Walter Mitty's

of this world just don't have the balls to actually get in

the arena to play ball or ask the woman of their dreams for

a date or to do all of the risky steps you have to do

to amass a fortune.

Believe it or not, I'm not being judgmental

about these type people. I'm just being objective. Truth be

told, in many ways, I'm somewhat a Walter Mitty type person

myself.

So, direct marketing, and especially online

direct marketing, has great appeal for these type people.

They can create advertising and say things about themselves,

their products, or services without ever having to meet

face-to-face the people to whom they communicate.

How much would you pay for a SECRET

GUARANTEE to multiply your profit? A hundred thousand

dollars? Ten thousand dollars? A thousand dollars? Fear not, you Lesser

Shitweasel! I'm going to reveal (for free) a way you can multiply your

profits by spending nothing (or at the most, maybe $100

per month).

Here's the thing: When people buy from a

sales pitch (ESPECIALLY an internet sales pitch) they have a

deep-rooted fear if anything goes wrong, they will

never be able to communicate with anyone from that business. They fear this for good reason.

The good reason

is, it's most often true. Actually, on the internet, it's almost 100%

true.

Think about it: Buying something over the internet is truly

a leap of faith. All the customer usually knows about the seller is

their email address. The customer doesn't know if the seller

is male or female; a

pillar of the community or a fraud. The customer doesn't

know where the seller is located; they don't have a direct telephone number

to reach the seller; or any other way to get in contact with

them.

Most internet marketers are "lurkers". They're

hiding in a dark closet in their underwear taking

amphetamines and grinning like 8-year-old boys who have just

dropped a lizard down the blouse of one of their female

classmates. They exult in the fact they can come off like

Superman... when... they are really nothing more than pathetic,

anorexic-looking little weaklings.

OK, maybe I'm exaggerating just a little

about internet marketers. But here's what all marketers -

internet or otherwise - should do to increase their sales.

All Marketers Should Give All Their

Prospective Customers

Enough SPECIFIC Details About

Themselves And Their Business...

It Convinces Them That, If Necessary,

They Could

"Reach Out And Touch The Marketer"

One way to do this is to simply give your

physical address. You can improve on that by giving out your

real business telephone number.

Let's take that a step further. What if in

our ad we spelled it all out like this:

"Our little company, ABC Widgets, Inc.

is located at 123 Elm Street in Massillon, Ohio. Our ZIP

Code is

44646. Our toll-free order-taking phone number is 1-800-xxx-xxxx.

You can reach an operator there any time, 24-hours a day,

7-days a week. However, if you

have any questions, you can call us directly at

1-216-xxx-xxxx. You can call our office any time Monday through

Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.

And if you are ever in our area, we'd love for you to visit and we'll be happy to show you the merchandise we are

selling. Just make sure you don't come by between 12 noon

and 1:00 p.m. because that's when we close up shop for

lunch."

Most of you reading this can't even begin

to imagine...

How POWERFUL An Addition

Those FEW Words Will Be

To Your Sales Pitches!

And all of you should know this: Only a

tiny, tiny percentage of your customers will actually ever

visit you or even telephone you. But, all of your would-be

customers will be greatly comforted by the fact they COULD

visit you if they wanted to and they COULD telephone you if

they so desired.

Now comes the stupid question which I am

sure is forming in the minds of many of my readers:

"But

gosh Gary, I don't have a store. I don't have an office. Besides,

I want to remain anonymous. What am I supposed to do?"

Looky here, you brainless twit. You can do

this and still remain anonymous. And, without lying.

If you do have an office or a store, just

publicize it in the way I just described.

If you don't have an office or a store, just

spend $100 (or less) per month to get yourself a little 100

square foot office or retail space. It'll probably cost you

an extra $6 per month to put in a POTS line. (Plain Old

Telephone Service line.) Then, if you're really Walter

Mittyish like and chintzy, put a voicemail on your POTS line

with an outgoing message that says:

"Hi, you've reached ABC

Widgets Incorporated. We're busy right now but if you'll

leave your name and number, we'll get right back with you."

Then, of course, get right back to them yourself. Or if

you're truly a gutless wonder, pay somebody a minimum wage

to retrieve and make these return phone calls for you.

Just think what you will have achieved by

doing what I just suggested: You will have implanted in the

minds of all your would-be customers that they know where

you are, and that they can visit or telephone you almost any

time they chose. In other words, they'll know they can...

Reach Out And Touch You!

I hate giving out valuable advice like this

which I know so few of you will follow.

Specifically yours,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.  As you can tell by reading my personal ad, and by the

fact I planned an "escape route" for Caleb, and by the fact

I have a beautiful and non-toxic Costa Rican girlfriend, I

pretty much know all there is to know about women! For

example, I bet you didn't know that women have four specific

different kinds of orgasms. They are:

1) The POSITIVE kind:  "Oh

Yes! Oh Yes!"

2) The NEGATIVE kind:

"Oh No! Oh No!"

3) The SPIRITUAL kind:

"Oh God! Oh God!"

4) The FAKE kind:

"Oh Gary! Oh Gary!"

P.S. #2  Even I am not conceited enough to believe this. Any

man who believes it is a complete fool. Would you like to

know the specific secret I used to capture my current

girlfriend and a few other exceptional women I have been

fortunate enough to have in my life? Well, here it is...

Blind Luck!

P.S. #3  There's another valuable but "hidden" lesson

in this newsletter. Hark unto me! We live in a complicated,

insane and frightening world. And in my opinion, none of us

have a ghost of a chance... unless...

We Can Laugh Good Naturedly At Ourselves!

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.