SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2005/09-01-05.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:31
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

It seems to me it would be almost sacrilegious

to write about anything in this issue other than the massive

misery and destruction caused by Hurricane Katrina.

I'll begin by describing my own personal experience

with this storm.

As far as I can remember, Hurricane Katrina wasn't

even mentioned on the news until Tuesday or Wednesday of last

week. At that time, it was described as "something we didn't

have to worry much about." The weather forecasters said

it might hit southeastern Florida but, it would probably hit

as a tropical storm or a very weak Category 1 hurricane. For

those of you who don't live in "hurricane country",

to qualify as a Category 1 hurricane, it has to have sustained

winds of at least 74 miles per hour.

On Thursday, I was scheduled to fly out of Miami

to Baltimore to speak at the Agora Internet Marketing Seminar.

(Which, by the way, was an excellent seminar.) My plane was

scheduled to leave mid-afternoon. But I was afraid it wouldn't

take off before the winds got so strong from the "outskirts"

of Hurricane Katrina, all the flights from Miami International

Airport would be delayed or outright canceled.

I considered myself very fortunate as I was able

to board the plane. Once on it, I strapped myself in and we

rolled out onto the runway. And there we sat. And sat. And sat.

Our plane remained on the tarmac for two hours. Was it because

Hurricane Katrina's winds were holding us back? No. We sat on

that tarmac for two hours... because...

We Had A Malfunctioning

Toilet In The Back Of The Plane!

All the while, I kept thinking, "Come

on, let's get this baby in the air. If we don't leave fairly

soon, they're going to shut down the airport and I won't be

able to make the trip. We can do without a toilet for a couple

hours."

Finally, the restroom problem was fixed by a maintenance

crew and we got off the ground and headed toward Baltimore.

The flight was nice. I met an interesting woman

from Columbia who was starting a business of importing mahogany

caskets. She and I laughed and joked and discussed marketing

while waiting on the tarmac and during the entire flight.

When I arrived in Baltimore, the people were courteous,

the city was clean and charming, the hotel was first class.

The people I met, especially those from Agora, could not have

been more accommodating and friendly.

Meanwhile, back at the ranch (meaning Miami),

the "nothing to worry about" hurricane did come ashore.

It came in about 25 miles north of where I live in Miami. And

then, the hurricane lived up to the name given it by the mayor

of New Orleans (he called it the "x-factor hurricane").

Hurricane Katrina  made almost a 90 degree left turn and

headed dead south for Miami. The weather stations clocked gusts

of winds of 95 miles per hour about 2 miles south of where I

live. Then Katrina made a right turn and headed in a westerly

direction into the Gulf of Mexico.

Then, in almost no time whatsoever, Katrina morphed

into the biggest Category 5 hurricane (meaning sustained winds

topped 155 miles per hour) in recorded history. I don't think

I need to describe to you what has happened since. It is the

biggest natural catastrophe in United States history and it

virtually dominates the news.

I'll talk about the problems being experienced

by the people in the hardest hit Gulf states (Louisiana, Mississippi

and Alabama) in a moment. But first, I'd like to tell you a

little bit about what this "nothing to worry about"

hurricane did to Miami.

As of yesterday, there were still 70,000 people

living here without electrical power. The estimated hurricane

damage to the Miami area is 100 million dollars. And

we are the people who got off "easy".

Just as a personal note, I didn't fly back from

Baltimore until Monday and Miami was, I would guess 85% back

to normal then.

Anyway, some of my well meaning, good hearted

friends in marketing are organizing various hurricane relief

efforts. I, myself, am not. At least, not yet.

Back when Hurricane Andrew demolished the southern

tip of Florida in August, 1992, the devastation was unbelievable.

Homestead and Florida City (hardest hit areas just south of

Miami) were completed ravaged by Andrew. Hurricane Andrew virtually

flattened that region. A couple of days after Andrew went through,

I hired a pilot in a single engine airplane to fly me over these

areas. I hung out of the airplane with a friend hanging onto

my legs so I wouldn't fall to earth, and I took hundreds of

photos with my trusty Leica M6 camera.

Those photos were used by the government to help

document the extent of the hurricane damage. They were also

shown on television while I was being interviewed describing

the damage. The most dramatic of the photos appeared in the

newspaper, "The Key West Citizen" and they eventually

hung for weeks in a Key West art gallery.

But the most important thing those photographs

helped me to do was...  raise money for Hurricane Andrew

Relief.

What I did was, I held a hurricane relief seminar

in Key West, Florida at the Holiday Inn. I didn't charge one

single penny for the attendees to come. All I asked is that

each of them make a donation to the Red Cross to be used to

help the victims of Hurricane Andrew.

I also said no one could make a donation until

the end of the seminar. The reason I did that was I wanted to

put on the best seminar humanly possible... so that... people

would be encouraged to donate in a very generous manner.

I also had the most dramatic of my hurricane destruction

photographs enlarged to poster size and displayed them all around

the seminar room.

After looking at those blown-up pictures of the

obliterated areas, and listening to me and my other speakers

teach them all about marketing for days on end, my attendees

donated so much money to the Red Cross for Hurricane Andrew

Relief... that when the Red Cross lady was given the total check...

She Actually Burst Into Tears!

I was told I had raised more money for the victims

of Hurricane Andrew than any other individual. That was not

true. It was me and hundreds of my loyal readers who raised

that money. I certainly in no way did it alone. I was only the

spark that ignited a firestorm of generosity.

However, I'm not sure I would do it exactly the

same way again. I've heard some things about the Red Cross which

makes me think twice about that organization. I've heard from

veterans of World War II who said the Red Cross would come close

to the front lines where our boys were fighting with hot coffee

and donuts... and then... charge them for this "service".

I don't know if this is true but, I've heard numerous stories

like this from a number of different people.

And then after the terrorist planes hit on September

11, millions, tens of millions, perhaps hundreds of millions

of dollars were donated to the Red Cross for the express purpose

of helping the 9/11 victims. Unfortunately, a large portion

of that money was NOT given to the victims of 9/11.

The Red Cross then explained when money is donated

to them, they put it all into a big pot and distribute it to

people who need it, as the Red Cross sees fit. That's sure not

how the generous people who donated money to the Red Cross specifically

for the victims of 9/11 intended it to be used.

Also, there has been somewhat of a scandal a few

years back about the executives of the Red Cross siphoning off

a good deal of the money donated to that organization. The funds

were not used for humanitarian purposes... but rather... put

into these executives' own pockets.

Don't get me wrong. I don't mean to paint the

Red Cross with a black brush. It's just I am now skeptical about

how they use the money they get from all generous citizens who

want to help their far-away neighbors experiencing unexpected

suffering. Like with Hurricane Andrew. And now Hurricane Katrina.

Actually, I'd like to hear from some of my readers.

If any of you have stories about the Red Cross... either negative

or positive... I'd love to read those stories. Write me at

[email protected]

.

Now, let's move forward to the hurricanes which

hit Florida last year. In case you don't live in Florida, I'll

remind you we had four major hurricanes hit this state in

just six weeks. (Charley, Dennis, Ivan and Jeanne.) The

damage was astounding. Something like 3 out of 5 homes in Florida

suffered damage or complete destruction from those hurricanes.

At that time, I tried to help by giving a very

informative telemarketing conference which people could listen

to for free. All I asked in return was they donate to the victims

of the destructive hurricanes. Back then, we didn't ask the

donations be made to the Red Cross. That's because my assistant,

Theresa, did her own investigation to find out where donations

should be sent...

So All The Money Would Actually

Be Delivered Directly To The Victims

Of Those Hurricanes!

She found the best organization to distribute

the money was the Rotary Club in Punta Gorda (near Ft. Myers,

Florida where Hurricane Charley hit). I don't know how much

money we raised by our efforts (since the donations went straight

to the Rotary Club). I hope it was considerable and I'm sure

every penny helped.

Now, let's talk about FEMA. FEMA is the United

States' governmental organization which dispenses money to victims

of natural disasters.

Last year, during those four major hurricanes,

the places that got the most money... and... got it almost immediately...

were the cities of Miami (Dade County) and Ft. Lauderdale (Broward

County). That's kind of curious. These are the two counties

who suffered the least hurricane damage in nearly

all of Florida. The truth is, Miami and Ft. Lauderdale completely

lucked out... but... a number of slick, savvy, sleazy people

filed fraudulent claims and got paid enormous amounts of money

by FEMA.

What about the people who got crushed by Charley,

Dennis, Ivan and Jeanne? The folks in Punta Gorda? Orlando?

Pensacola? The cities which were almost leveled? Many of these

individuals have not yet collected any relief money whatsoever

from FEMA. Many of them are still homeless, broke, and have

received no aid whatsoever.

Let's shuck right down to the cob: If there were

a contest for the two most corrupt cities in the United States,

New Orleans and Miami would be duking it out for top position.

The governments of both Miami and New Orleans are both so incredibly

corrupt, if it weren't so tragic, it would be laughable. But,

as corrupt as the governments of those cities are, there are

hundreds of thousands of other people who live in those areas

who are honest, decent, God-fearing people, who do their best

to do whatever they can to make the world a better place.

So, how do we help the people of New Orleans,

Biloxi, and Gulfport? Do we send a check to the Red Cross and

allow them to spend it any way they choose?

Even if any governmental agency did want to send

a check to the afflicted people, it was pointed out on the news

this morning, there are no banks within a number of miles where

they could cash those checks. There are no ATM machines. There

are no supermarkets. There are no check cashing type  businesses.

Even if those people could get a check... and

even if they could cash those checks... there's not even any

place to spend the money. No Wal-Mart's, no K-Mart's, no Home

Depot's, no Lowe's, no Publix's, no Winn Dixie's, no Chevron's,

no Amoco's, and by the most recent estimate of the mayor of

New Orleans...

There Will Not Be Enough Electricity

To Illuminate A Single Light Bulb

In That City For At Least

12 To 16 Weeks!

What should we do? How can we help these people?

The truth is, I don't know.

At least I don't know yet.

If any of you have any ideas about this, I'd like

to hear them. I personally feel the pain of the people who are

suffering the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. I, too, would

like to help to the best of my ability. But right now, I just

don't know how.

I'm thinking I might hold a gigantic free seminar.

I'd ask each of the attendees to make a generous donation to

help the victims of this terrible disaster. But the truth is,

I don't know who or what organization the donations should be

made to.

This disaster is a real bitch. It's the worst

in the entire history of our country. People are already playing

the "blame game". They're blaming the mayor of New

Orleans, the governor of Louisiana, the U.S. army, the U.S.

government, the engineers who built the levees, and on and on

and on. But the truth is, it's pretty difficult to anticipate

and prepare for a disastrous event of this magnitude which has

caused problems never faced in our history.

To sum it all up, I'd like to help but I don't

know how. If any of you have any ideas, please share them with

me via email at [email protected].

In the meantime, I think the best thing we can

do right now is simply... pray for these people.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.  By the way, the hurricane season is only HALF over.

And this month (September) is normally the worst month of the entire

season. By far. And the weather conditions which caused

Hurricane Katrina are still present. Matter of fact, I

understand those conditions are getting

worse.

But you know what? The American people... not the American

government... but the American people are perhaps the most

generous, giving, creative and inventive people on earth.

We WILL work this out. We WILL find a way to help

the victims of this (and other) disasters.

We ARE going to fix this situation. I don't know how we're

going to do it... yet. But I have complete confidence that

working together we're going to discover a way to fix it.

We always do.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.