SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/newsletters/2006/marketing_from_space.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:26
============================================================

Marketing From Space

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend and Subscriber,

Can you think creatively?

Oh yeah?  Well, this newsletter is going to give

you a chance to prove it.

I want you to fire up your computer and go to

www.google.com.

You’ve probably been there many times before.  Anyway, I

want you to do a search.  What I want you to search for

is a phone number.  The number I want you to search for

is...

305 372 0313

Type that number into the space where you put search

terms and then click on search.  Presto!  As soon as you

do this you will discover that is the telephone number

of the Doubletree Grand Hotel in Miami, Florida.

That’s pretty neat, ain’t it?  You can type in

any telephone number that’s listed in a phone book and

google will tell you instantly who or what belongs to

that number.

But, hold on.  You ain’t seen nothin yet.  As you

can see, google not only produced the name of the hotel

that has that number, it also gives you the address of

the hotel.  Now, for our next little magic trick, I want

you to google the address of the hotel.  Here’s what you

should be searching for...

1717 N. Bayshore Drive, Miami, FL 33132

Ok, once you type that in and hit search, you will come

to a page that has at the top “Map of 1717 N. Bayshore

Dr., Miami, FL 33132.”  Click where it says that.  Ok

that will bring you to a page that has a map that shows

exactly where that location is located.  Now, look at

the upper right hand corner of the map page where there

are three boxes.  One says “Map”, one says “Satellite”

and one says “Hybrid”.  Click on the box that says

“Satellite”.  Doing that will produce a satellite photo

of the area where the hotel is located.

Now, see over to the left of the screen where you

have a plus and minus sign and 4 navigational arrows

that let you go North, East, South and West.  Click on

the plus sign.  As you will see, that let’s you zoom

in.  So, click on it again.  Notice how that lets you

zoom in even closer?  Click on the plus sign again until

you are looking right down on the roof of the hotel.

See the marina in the back of the hotel?  Remember that.

Now, click on the plus sign again and again.

Now, we’re right dead on top of the hotel.  But, we’re

too close to see that marina.  Unless we navigate to

it.  Let’s do that.  Click on the arrow that points to

the right of the page.  Now you are looking right down

on some of the boats in the marina.  See that pinkish,

reddish boat that stands out from all the others?

That’s the “No Mercy” which I used to own until I gave

it to a friend.

All right, lets go back to google and search for

something else.  Search for...

637

Pacific Coast Highway, Santa Monica, Ca.  90402

Do what you need to do to get to the satellite photo of

that address.  Zoom in as close as you can.  You’ll see

it’s a house.  I used to live there.  After I moved out

the house was sold at auction and...

It

Fetched The Highest Price Ever For A House Sold At

Private Auction!

See the house to the left of it?  The back of the house

nearest  the pool is kind of semi-circular shaped.  That

house used to belong to Peter Lawford.  It was used as

the Western White House by president Kennedy.  Anyway, I

live within walking distance of the Grand Hotel in

Miami, and, as I said, I used to live in the house

located at 637 Pacific Coast Highway in Santa Monica.

Now, suppose I want to get from where I live now

to where I used to live in

Santa Monica.

Ok, now you should have the Santa Monica address on your

screen.  Click where it says Get Directions

in blue.  Now, in the start address block type in

the address of the Grand Hotel.  You remember that

address, don’t you?  It’s 1717 N. Bayshore Dr., Miami,

FL.  33123.  After you’ve got both addresses in their

respective boxes, click where it says “Search”.  You’ll

get instant detailed instructions on how to get from one

location to the other.  You’ll also see on the satellite

photo a blue line running all the way coast-to-coast

from one location to the other which reveals the route I

would have to drive to get from the Miami location to

the Santa Monica location.

Just look at how detailed those instructions

are.  And think about how they popped-up instantly.

Just to be sure you did it right, here are the

instructions you should be reading:

1. Head southeast from Palisades Beach

Rd/Pacific Coast Hwy - go 1.0 mi

2. Continue on CA-1 toward

Los Angeles

(I-10)/Coast Rte

- go      0.4 mi

3. Bear left at I-10 E - go 16 mi

4. Continue on CA-60 E toward

Santa Ana

(I-5 S)/Pomona

- go 52 mi

5. Continue on I-215 S - go 5.1 mi

6. Continue on CA-60 E toward

Indio

- go 18 mi

7. Take the ramp to

Beaumont

- go 0.2 mi

8. Merge into I-10 E - go 1,266 mi

9. Take

exit 564 to I-410 - go 1.1 mi

10. Merge into I-410 E - go 9.2 mi

11. Take the I-35 S/I-410 S exit

27 to

San Antonio

- go 0.3 mi

12. Merge into I-410 S - go 5.8 mi

13. Take the I-10 exit 33 to

San Antonio/Houston - go 0.1 mi

14. Take the I-10 E ramp to

Houston

- go 182 mi

15. Take

the I-610 N/I-610 S exit 763 - go 0.7 mi

16. Merge into I-610 N - go 14 mi

17. Take

the I-10 E/I-10 W exit 26A to

Beaumont/Downtown - go 0.2 mi

18. Take the I-10 E ramp to

Beaumont

- go 260 mi

19. Take

the I-10 ramp to

New Orleans

(I-12)/Hammond

- go 0.4 mi

20. Merge into I-10 E - go 3.7 mi

21. Take the I-12 E exit 159

to

Hammond

- go 86 mi

22. Take the I-10 E exit 85C to Bay St

Louis - go 505 mi

23. Take the I-295 exit 356 to

Savannah/St Augustine/Int Airport - go 0.1 mi

24. Bear right onto the I-295 S ramp to

Orange Park/St Augustine - go 20 mi

25. Take the I-95 S ramp to

St Augustine

- go 335 mi

26. Take the I-395 exit 2D to

Miami Beach

- go 1.0 mi

27. Take the ramp to

Biscayne Blvd (US-1)

- go 0.1 mi

28. Turn left at Biscayne Blvd - go

0.3 mi

29. Turn right at NE 15th St - go 0.1

mi

30. Turn left at

N Bayshore Dr

- go 0.2 mi

Alrighty then, let’s have some more fun with google.  Go

to

www.images.google.com.

Here you’ll find a zillion photos archived.  Search for

George Bush and, there he is, big as life.  Now search for

Chuck Berry.  Search for Elle Macpherson.  (She calls me

the “Belly Jelly Man”.)  Search for Jay Abraham.  He looks

like a constipated Sicilian, doesn’t he?  Search for Joe

Polish.  Isn’t he sort of rat-faced?  Now, for some eye

candy; search for Gary Halbert.  Don’t I look spiffy as I

offer the ladies of the world a toast?

Enough.

Ok, here’s what I suspect is

true:  I think many of you already know about all these

neat searches and, I bet you know a lot more.  Some of you

will already know some of this stuff.  And, many of my

readers will find all of this to be new to them.

It doesn’t matter.  We’ve had

our fun.  Now, let’s get serious.  I want all of you to

ponder what I’ve just revealed to you.  I want you to

think of all the marketing applications of the information

you just read.  I got turned on to the satellite photos by

my long-time, road dog buddy, Scott (Mongo) Haines.  He

learned about it by reading Agoras great online newsletter

“Early To Rise”.  (You should be reading that newsletter

also.)

Anyway, to get your brain percolating, I’m going to share

with you a few marketing ideas that occurred to me and

Mongo.  Say you sell real estate and there’s a special

home from which you want to have as an exclusive listing.

Suppose you pull up a satellite photo of that house.  Then

you send the photo and a letter to the owner of the

house.  The letter goes like this:

Dear Prospect:

I am enclosing with this letter a satellite photo of

your home.  If you will look at the home three houses

North of you, you will see it’s a bright yellow home.  I

think your home is much better than this one, but you

might be interested to know that I have just sold that

yellow house for $693,000 Dollars and I think I could do

as well or better if I can have an exclusive listing on

your house, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla...

Ok, suppose you are holding a seminar and you want the

people who said they were interested in the seminar to

actually come to the seminar.  You print out the

directions from a prospect’s home to your seminar

location.  You send them directions with the following

letter to your prospects:

Dear Prospect:

I’m very glad you have decided to attend our

seminar.  You have made a very wise decision and I think

it will enrichen your pocketbook.  I want to make sure

that you attend so I am sending you directions right from

your location to the seminar location.  I am looking

forward to seeing you and bla, bla, bla, bla, bla...

Suppose the prospects’ photos can be found by searching

Google Images.  You print out those photos and send them

to your prospect with a letter that starts like this:

Dear Mr. Prospect:

Did you know that seven pictures of you can be found

on the internet?  I have printed a miniature picture of

these seven photos and I am sending them to you because...bla,

bla, bla, bla, bla...

Okay shitweasel, surely you

can finish up that letter.

Now let’s do something more.

Suppose your prospect buys a Ford 150 pick up truck.

Well, how about you get a satellite photo of the

manufacturing facility where that vehicle was produced.

Then, you write a letter to your prospect sending him a

satellite photo of the place where his car was made and

you reference that in the letter and then you segue into

selling him something.

Look, I want you to do

something.  I want you to play around with all of the

little secrets I’ve revealed in this newsletter.  I want

you to search for telephone numbers and get addresses.  I

want you to use those addresses to get satellite photos of

the different locations.  When you get the satellite

photos, I want you to zoom in, take a close look at things

and zoom back out.  And, then, I want you to use the

navigational bars and, you can take a tour of wherever you

are.  Like, put your own house and get the satellite

photo, and then use the navigational bars to take a tour

of your town.  I think you’re going to find this stuff

pretty fascinating.

After you’ve played around I want you to put on your thinking

cap and think of all the different ways that you could use

what I’ve shown you here in a marketing endeavor.  There’s

got to be a zillion ways.  Anyways, this newsletter is

just to get your mind engaged.  Anyhow, once you’ve come

up with what you think is good application for how this information

could be used to get an edge in marketing, I want you to e-mail

me at [email protected]

and tell me what you’ve come up with.

There’s another thing.  Many

of you will know all kinds of other tricks that I don’t

know about google and all kinds of interesting things like

this that you could do with a computer.  I would like very

much if you would e-mail me and tell me about the other

neat things you could do and perhaps I will take all of

this information and put it in a much more advanced

newsletter.

Anyway, that’s it for this

month.  Have yourself some fun touring the world.  By the

way, I have been to Bimini, I have been to Miami Beach,

I’ve been to South America, I’ve been to Central America,

I took a tour of Costa Rica, I’ve been to Cuba, looking at

down at the satellite pictures of a close up of Cuba, I’ve

been to Puerto Rico and, you know that if you navigate,

you can actually navigate with those photos

coast-to-coast.  You can go clear up to

Canada,

you can go to the bottom of South America.  Have some fun

with this, use it and then e-mail me and tell me your

ideas.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.  Hey!  You know something?  I bet that some of you will

become addicted to doing this.  I have.

Double hey!  If you really

want to blow your mind, check out

www.earth.google.com.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.