SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2006/modesty_personified.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:46
============================================================

Marketing From Space

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend and Subscriber,

I

believe I am the best copywriter who ever lived.

Maybe, since you read my newsletter, you too already

believe that.  Even if you don't, I think you will

change your mind after you read this message.

Here is why.

Much of the direct response advertising I have created

is so good it is part of history.  My work has been

printed in dozens (maybe hundreds) of books.  I believe

people will still be reading and studying my work 200

years from now.  No other copywriter on earth has

"winners" that are equal to mine.  For example, I once

wrote two letters for which I was paid...

$5,250,000!

You read it right.  That's five million, two hundred and

fifty thousand dollars.  For just two letters.  Do you

know of any other copywriter who can match that?  I

don't think so.

Would you like to know the details of those two letters

and why they worked so well?  Would you like for me to

explain the reason those two letters pulled in almost

700 million dollars?

You would?  Ok, then, I'll tell you all about those two

letters later in this message.  I just need you to be a

little patient.  You see, in the meantime, I want to

share with you, something that was written about me

several years ago.  As you will see, it's an article

written by Blade Thomas who, for a long time was the

advertising director of Entrepreneur Magazine.  Here's

the text of the article:

The

Amazing Marketing Miracles Created By Sir Gary of

Halbert!

By BLADE THOMAS

President, CTV

LOS ANGELES- I first met Gary Halbert (often

referred to as the "Prince of Print") when  I was the

advertising director of Entrepreneur Magazine and hired

him as an outside consultant.

Entrepreneur Magazine is very famous and one of

the leading business publications in the world.  Working

there enabled me to meet some of the smartest

businessmen and marketing experts on earth but, Gary

Halbert stood head and shoulders above them all.  When I

first talked with him, his ideas seemed a bit unusual to

say the least.  However, he was extremely persuasive and

I decided to at least test some of his suggestions.

Thank God I did!  Within days, he taught us how to

multiply our sales, cut our refunds to almost zero and

how to enormously increase our bottom-line profits.

Some of his "radical" concepts are still being used by

the magazine today and still paying off like crazy.

Adventures With The

Borgnines!

I later had the occasion to work side-by-side with

him when he was hired by Ernest Borgnine and his wife

Tova who, at the time, had a struggling cosmetic

company.  Ernie and Tova were, at first, highly

skeptical about the changes Halbert insisted they make.

But, that skepticism evaporated when he took their

company, Tova 9, from $20,000 to over $800,000 per month

in just a little over half a year.  You may remember the

first major ad he created for them.  It ran for years

and had one of the most famous headlines ever written.

It was...

The Amazing Facelift In

A Jar Used By

Hollywood Stars Who

Don't Want

Plastic Surgery!

That ad brought in millions of dollars in sales

but it was another ad Halbert wrote for the Borgnines

which contains, I believe, the most powerful headline in

advertising history.  Back then, Mrs. Borgnine wanted to

begin marketing a new perfume called "Tova" (it's still

on the market) and she wanted to do the "launch" at a

friend's boutique in Beverly Hills.  Her friend was

Candy Spelling, wife of famed TV producer Arron

Spelling, and the boutique, by my estimation, would

probably only hold a total of 150 people.  When Gary

heard about this he went ballistic.  He informed Tova,

if she was going to let him do the perfume advertising

his way, she'd need a much bigger space such as... the

entire bottom floor of the Century Plaza Hotel!  She

gasped a little but, when she recovered, she let Gary

have his way and wrote an ad that got 7,000 people to

come to the Century Plaza on a weekday for a sample of

her perfume.  If you've got even one drop of

salesmanship blood in your veins, you don't need to read

the ad to realize how he did it.  All you've got to know

is the headline which said...

Tova Borgnine Swears

Under Oath That Her

New Perfume Does Not

Contain An Illegal

Sexual Stimulant!

By the way, the "subhead" of that ad was "Wife of

famous movie star agrees to give away 10,000 samples of

her new fragrance just to prove it's safe to wear in

public."  Personally, I'll never forget that ad.  It was

my job to coordinate everything and the damn hotel was

so jammed with people nobody could hardly even move.

And, get this: The only reason we didn't have more than

7,000 people at the perfume launch is because... the

fire marshalls wouldn't let anybody else into the hotel!

A $30,000,000

Success Story!

During Gary's stint in Los Angeles (his previous

office was located at 595 Madison Avenue in Manhattan)

he also worked with a number of other celebrities.  One

was Geoffrey Scott of Dynasty fame (he played Linda

Evans' "Krystle" ex-husband) and the ad he wrote

featuring him brought in over 30 million dollars for

Gary's client.  Gary also put together more than a dozen

successful "infomercials" starting with "Can You Look

Younger?" which sold the cosmetic products of Vikki

LaMotta who was once married to boxer Jake LaMotta and

the oldest woman ever to pose nude for Playboy.  (By the

way, I hear she still looks great!)

Gary also worked on a number of shorter (usually

2-minute) TV commercials and probably the most memorable

is the one which featured Nancy Kwan who was the star of

"The World of Suzie Wong," "Noble House" and many other

famous productions.  Personally, I was especially

intrigued with the work he did with frequent-Playboy

model and B-movie queen, Becky LeBeau and I understand

he currently has Margaux Hemingway (granddaughter of

Ernest Hemingway) under contract to help promote his

forthcoming book tentatively titled...

HALBERTIZING: How

To Get Everything You

Ever Wanted Even If

You Don't Deserve It!

Another of Gary's interesting clients was George

Zangas, a world-famous power lifter, who mailed a

postcard Gary wrote for him which generated $1,000 for

every $100 he spent even though he mailed it to the same

list five different times.  As far as direct mail is

concerned, that's where Halbert really shines.  One of

his "killer" successes was an 8-page sales letter that

doubled Howard Ruff's subscription base of his RUFF

TIMES newsletter.  He also did a letter for CASI

(Computer Amusement Systems, Inc.) That shot their gross

up from $3 million a year to over $13 million per year.

He has created direct mail promotions for Personal

Finance Newsletter, The Doug Casey Letter, Tax Avoidance

Digest and Predictions.  And, the work he did for Robert

Allen (he wrote the famous best-seller Nothing Down)

helped Allen develop a seminar business that, I hear

through the grapevine, ended up grossing $75 million per

year!

By the way, Gary's marketing career started back

in 1968 when he formed a company called "Halbert's Inc."

(it still exists today) which sold coat-of-arms research

reports and hand-painted family crests.  The letter Gary

wrote to launch that project has become the most

widely-mailed letter in history and the company has

since grown into an international, multi-multi million

dollar operation. (By the way, Gary is still kicking

himself for selling his « interest in that deal!)

Anyway, that letter and its derivative letters are still

being mailed at the rate of hundreds of thousands per

week even though...

More Than Half A

Billion (500,000,000)

Of Them Have Already

Been Mailed!

After Gary sold his share of Halbert's Inc., he

formed yet another company called "Good News Inc." with

offices in North Canton, Ohio and Madison Avenue in New

York.  Primarily, that company sold "how to" self-help

books like How To Get What The U.S. Government Owes You,

How To Rob A Bank Without A Gun and other

equally-intriguing titles.  Sometimes the profits from

selling these books was astronomical.  For example, one

ad Gary wrote for a book titled How To Collect From

Social Security At Any Age ended up running in magazines

with a combined circulation of 55 million.  One of these

was Parade, a newspaper-distributed magazine, which, at

that time, had a circulation of 17,546,168.  Halbert's

ad cost for Parade back then was $33,214.37 and his

gross from that one ad in that one magazine was

$228,492.00 and eventually his company made over

$1,000,000.00 net profit from just this one publication!

Hey, how'd you like him to create a winner like

that for you?

Unfortunately, as good as Gary is at creating

marketing successes, he's just awful when it comes to

managing companies and, when they start to get big, he

starts getting itchy to go  get out.  So, when that

happened with Good News Inc., he sold out and moved to

Los Angeles.  As soon as he got there, he took some time

out from marketing to write a couple of investment

books.  One of them was about how to make profits with

U.S. postage stamps and it was titled Thank God Not

Everything Printed By The U.S. Government Loses Its

Value.  The other, Foolproof Features, was about how to

make money trading commodity futures.  Aside from that,

he remained "retired" just long enough to become

excruciatingly bored and that's when he decided to take

on a few clients and I met him and... the rest is

history.

If, by reading this article, you've concluded I'm

a big fan of Gary Halbert, you couldn't be more

correct.  But, it's not only me.  Halbert, who now lives

in the Florida Keys has thousands of letters in his Key

West office from grateful people for whom his work has

generated untold amounts of profits.

Halbert now publishes a marketing newsletter that

goes to all 50 states and 29 countries outside the U.S.

and is undoubtedly the most intensely read marketing

publication on earth.  He stopped taking on any new

clients altogether about four years ago but now, he

says, he's looking for a few new challenges.  Ian

conclusion, all I can say is this: If you've got any

kind of product  or service to sell and, if you can get

Halbert interested in working with you, you are

absolutely crazy if you don't get in touch with him.

One thing is for sure: Now that Gary is once again

taking on clients, you can be sure his calendar will

fill up in a flash!  So, if you have any interest

whatsoever in working with the man I and many other

consider "The Best Marketing Man Alive," I strongly

suggest you get in touch with him instantly.  His office

number in Key West is      and you can call anytime

Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. East

Coast Time.

Anyway, I'd like to conclude by saying having the

chance to work with Gary Halbert is one of the best

things that ever happened to me and, if you end up doing

business with him, you're almost certainly going to get

incredible results and a marketing education you'll

never forget!

That article was written several years ago.

Since then, I've written many more killer promotions

plus I have the most highly read marketing website on

the internet.  My recent Alexa rating was 1610!  More

people read the Gary Halbert Letter than read Rush

Linbaug and Bill Onelly combined.  And this is true in

spite of the fact that both of these men promote their

websites to tens of millions people almost every day.

Anyway, I am now doing something I haven't done for a

long time.  As of right now, I am actively soliciting

for a few new clients.  But, before I get cranked up and

into a full bone pitch, I want to just ramble on for a

few minutes.  Look, I recently got the results of a

sales campaign I had written for a very famous person in

the marketing and real estate business. You would know

his name instantly but, for personal reasons, I think

it's best I keep his identity confidential.

In any case, the spreadsheet (Lord, I hate those

things!) he sent me illustrated the copywriting I did

for him pulled in 6-1/2 times MORE MONEY than anything

written by any other copywriter he has ever hired. By

the way, he's a multi-millionaire so he does have the

money to hire the "creme de la creme" of copywriters in

the entire world.

I

want to tell you about the last time I actively

solicited for clients. I was living in Key West and

informed the readers of my newsletter that, if they were

willing to pay my fee ($15,000 upfront and 5% of the

back-end sales my efforts produced) I would pay all

their expenses to fly to Key West and put them up in a

hotel at my expense, while we discussed their project. I

also told them if they did this, they didn't have to

guarantee they would become a client of mine... but...

they at least had to be a "for real" prospect to whom

price would not be a concern.

Many of those people did become clients. And a few did

not. But there was one guy I especially remember. Why?

Because, in my opinion, he was guilty of fraud. After I

flew him to Key West, put him up in the best hotel, and

discussed his project at length with him, he said,

"Everything sounds great... but... I think $15,000 for

your upfront fee is too much to pay you."

I did everything I could to hold onto my temper but,

what I really wanted to do was leap across the table we

were sitting at, wrap my hands around his neck, lift him

up off his chair and in the air, choking him until his

entire body was shaking and his legs and feet were

dancing around like he was doing the "Funky Chicken".

But, of course, I didn't do any of that.

I simply ended the conversation immediately in a civil

manner, took him back to his hotel and suggested he get

an early flight back to wherever he lived. I think that

man was genuinely bewildered by my sudden lack of zero

interest in him and his project.

See, it's no crime to not be able to afford the

expertise of someone like myself. But, it is obnoxious

to pretend you can afford someone like me... when... you

flat-out already know you can't afford me... or... you

are unwilling to pay the fees I charge.

Look, I want you to understand something: I have untold

thousands of rabid readers of this newsletter. But, this

message is truly only directed at a handful of them.

Maybe only one or two. It is only directed to what I

call "PWM's" (which is an acronym for "Players With

Money").

Since it is my job to provide my readers with a learning

experience, I'm going to do that by demonstrating how to

do something I've never quite done before. Many

copywriters have written to me complaining they couldn't

get any clients. I always tell them, there's no such

thing as a world-class copywriter who should be hurting

for clients. All he should have to do is write a sales

pitch for his services. And, he should then be flooded

with more clients than he can handle. By the way, I

wrote a newspaper ad once for Jay Abraham that, when it

was ran in a single newspaper, brought him in 602

potential clients.

Anyway, if I were someone else and I had to write a

pitch for Gary Halbert's copywriting services(as I guess

I am doing now) here are some of the points I would

make:

* Gary

Halbert may have hit more "financial home-runs" for his

clients than anyone else in history! These clients

include Ron LeGrand, Robert Allen, Ernest and Tova

Borgnine, award-winning actress Nancy Kwan, Vikki

LaMotta and many others, too numerous to mention.

* Gary

Halbert's biggest home-runs have been written for

himself or companies in which he had some sort of

ownership. Everybody knows about the famous

"Coat-of-Arms" letter, which may be the most

widely-mailed sales letter in the world with more than

600 million copies mailed. That family crest letter

built an organization that needed 700 employees to keep

it going... and... 40 of those employees were needed

just to make the bank deposits!

* Gary

wrote a sales letter for a diet product for Health

Laboratories of America which was so good, it almost

made skinny people buy the product! At one point, when

the client had run out of diet-related mailing lists, on

Gary's recommendation he got the compiled file of

everybody in America who had a driver's license. Then,

via computer, a simple calculation was done based on the

height and weight information in that file. If it turned

out a person weighed more than they should for their

height, the client mailed Gary's sales letter to that

individual. The client mailed millions of letters to

that one file and made DOUBLE THE PROFIT.

* Gary

has written for the biggest financial publishers in the

world, including Phillips Publishing, KCI, Agoura

Publishing and many others whose name you would not

recognize! Once he wrote a "penny letter" for Phillips

Publishing. (That's a letter that has a penny attached

to the front page as a "grabber".) Phillips Publishing

mailed so many of those sales letters, they actually had

to have the Denver Mint produce many more pennies than

they normally would have and had to have them shipped in

box cars directly to the Phillips facility.

* When

Tova Borgnine wanted to launch a new perfume, Gary not

only created the winning formula for the perfume, he

also wrote a newspaper ad that created the biggest

perfume launch in history! His ad got more than 7,000

people to show up at the Century Plaza Hotel in Los

Angeles. The ad also produced unsolicited purchase

orders from monster department stores like Federated

(the biggest department store chain in the world),

Filines of Boston, the May Company and a host of others.

The event was also written up in "Time" magazine. The

work Gary did for the Borgnines literally put their

company on the map and jumped their gross from $20,000

per month... to... $800,000 per month!

* Gary

wrote an 8-page direct mail promotion for Howard Ruff

that doubled his subscription base!

*

Another company hired Gary to help them raise money for

their IPO and his full-page newspaper ad (which appeared

twice in "Investor's Business Daily") brought in enough

qualified investors to produce nearly two hundred

million dollars!

* Gary

worked on the Nancy Kwan skin care commercials and made

the breakthrough that enabled them to run profitably on

TV for nearly two years!

* Gary

wrote a direct mail promotion for CASI (Computer

Amusement Systems Inc.) that jumped their gross from

three million... to... 13 million a year!

* But,

Gary also made millionaires out of many "Mom and Pop"

small type businesses who had very little to start with!

* Gary

helped guys like Jeff Paul, Joe Polish and many others

go from eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches to

become multimillionaires!

*

George Zangas (world-famous power lifter) mailed a

postcard Gary wrote for him... which... generated $1,000

for every $100 he spent! And George continued to make

these profits even though he mailed it to the same list

five different times!

* One

of the marketers Gary admires greatly and who is

world-famous is Dan Kennedy. Dan Kennedy got his start

in marketing working for Halbert's Inc. in Bath, Ohio.

At a seminar about a year ago, Dan was talking about a

guy who said he couldn't make a profit with the ad he

was using. Dan looked at the ad and thought it was

spectacular. Dan then discovered it was Gary Halbert who

had written the ad! Dan told the guy (and you can hear

it on tape), "There's no way to improve this ad. It was

written by Gary Halbert. If you can get Gary, and you

can get him interested, and you can get him focused,

there's no way in the world you're going to get a better

piece of marketing copy from anyone else on earth." Dan

then pointed out to this guy it was not the ad that was

failing but, it was the way the guy was exploiting

(actually lack of exploiting) the ad and his failure to

set up a proper infra-structure and several other things

he was not doing properly. NOTE: I have not quoted Dan

word-for-word about what he said about that ad because I

do not have that tape right now. But, I have related

accurately the gist of his comment.

*

Gary's worked on 17 successful infomercials, wrote the

two most successful direct response newspaper ads, has

produced scores of highly-successful magazine ads,

created several catalogs, developed phone scripts, etc.!

* Many

people say you should include testimonials in all of

your sales pitches. Gary stopped collecting unsolicited

testimonial letters more than a decade ago after he had

already received over 7,000 of them! Now that he has the

most widely-read marketing newsletter on the Internet,

it would almost be impossible for him to buy enough ink

cartridges to print out all the rave testimonials he

gets on a daily basis.

Okay, those are just a few of the points I would make

about myself if I were writing an ad to pitch for

clients. But, probably the most important consideration

you should be aware of is... most of the time... I am

not willing to take on any clients. But, I am a little

bit "in heat" to work with a few clients now because I

have just made what I believe to be is a truly gigantic

marketing breakthrough. Everybody in marketing will know

about this breakthrough a year from now... but... it

will be old news by then. I believe it will work for

years to come. But, I think the first people to use it

are going to make money beyond their wildest dreams.

You know, I could write a more compelling sales letter

to you for my copywriting services. But frankly I'm

tired of writing about myself and this half-assed,

sloppy pitch is making me feel "funny". But, I do feel

moved to tell you another story.

I was recently contacted by a guy who said he had read

each and every issue of my newsletter on my website and

he was thinking about hiring me. He wondered if I would

send him a portfolio of ads I had written for other

people so he could evaluate whether or not I had enough

talent to work for him. I was NOT polite with this guy.

I told him something to the effect, "Look, if you've

really read all my newsletters, many of which include

examples of what I've written for other people, and you

are still in doubt as to whether you should hire me or

not, you are NOT a serious person." Actually, what I

said was much more profane than that. But, I see no need

to reprint it here.

This deal is not for everyone. There are certain people

who shouldn't even think about calling me in response to

this offer. So please, if you fall into even one of the

following categories... do NOT contact me.

* I

don't want to waste one single second with somebody who

cannot afford my $15,000 upfront fee and/or thinks they

are going to be able to hire me at a discount.

*

Also, I don't want to talk with anyone who has to check

with anyone else as to whether or not they should hire

me. If you have to check with your lawyer, your

accountant, your spouse, your mommy or your daddy or

anyone else, just assume it wouldn't be a good idea and

don't waste my time.

* My

methods are unusual, to say the least. Don't expect me

to slow down to a crawl just to make you comfortable.

When it comes to money, I go right for the jugular and,

if this takes you out of your comfort zone, you should

look in the Yellow Pages of your phone book under

"Advertising Agencies" and go ahead and waste your time

talking to one of those brilliant Ph.D.'s who'll be

happy to create a much more conventional (and totally

unprofitable) campaign for you.

* And,

I'm not looking for anyone who has to scrape up the

money to hire me. It puts way too much pressure on me to

know someone has bet their entire life's savings on me

producing a winner for them. And that, if it's not a

huge winner, they and their family will be reduced to

eating bark off trees.

*

Another thing, if you are hiring me to write a promotion

for you, I will want to get a lot of information from

you. But, you need to remember that once I have this

information, I will write what I think is the best sales

message and ask you to check it for factual accuracy.

But, I will NOT change the sales pitch I have created

just because you and/or your spouse (or someone else)

thinks the ad would work better if it were written

differently. There is an exception to this. If you,

yourself, have written sales pitches (as I have) that

have generated billions of dollars in profitable

revenue, then I will be interested in what you have to

say.

Remember, I am only one person and I can only do so much

work.  So, if you are at all interested in hiring me and

becoming a client of mine ("for real"!) call me at (323) 851-8275. And, do it soon.  If I'm not available to take

your call, simply leave your name and contact

information (phone number and best times to reach you)

and I'll return your call as soon as humanly possible..

One last thing.  Actually, it's two last things.  First,

I have a big advantage over every other copywriter.

See, my newsletter is the most widely read marketing

publication on earth.  That means people all over the

globe are keeping me informed of the latest marketing

breakthroughs which I then use when I am crafting sales

messages for myself or my clients.

Secondly, as you probably know by now, one company hired

me to raise money for their IPO and I nicknamed the ad I

wrote for them the "Water Ad."  There's a good chance

you've read that ad.  It's in the envelope that says

"Water" on my website.  If you haven't read that ad, or

even if you have... I want you to read it again.  That

ad pulled in qualified investors willing to pony up in

excess of 200 million dollars.  After you have read the

ad, I want you to ask yourself if you think somebody

besides me could have written that.  If you do know of

someone you think could write an ad that powerful...

Hire Them

Not Me!

But, I don't think anybody else could have written that

ad.  I also don't think you can find a better copywriter

than me.  So, if you are interested in my services...

and... if you can for real afford to hire me... call 323-851-8275 and leave your number and I will call you

right back.  Or, if you prefer, you can e-mail me at

[email protected].

Either way, I hope to be working with you soon and I

want to thank you for reading this long message.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.