SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/newsletters/2006/the_700_million_dollar_man.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:28
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend and Subscriber,

I work out now with a trainer.

Six days a week.  Everyday but Sunday.  I do road

work on my treadmill and in the park near my apartment.  I

pump iron, endure stretching exercises, let my trainer

torture me with a medicine ball and take more illegal

steroids than Barry Bonds.  (That's not true Dimwit.)

A few days ago, after finishing my workout, I went

to a small diner and ate three steak sandwiches.  After

that, I was overcome with the desire to hurt somebody.  I

mean bloody their nose, blacken their eyes and kick them

in the balls.

You ever have that happen to you?  You ever became

enraged for no reason whatsoever?  I decided it would be a

good idea to pound on the young musclehead a few feet away

from me in the diner.  Then, it hit me.  I suddenly

realized that if I went after him, the bastard would

probably fight back!

I hate that part.  When they fight back.  I'd truly

kick a lot of ass if I could find a steady supply of

people who wouldn't fight back.

Oh well.  My mood instantly evaporated.  I gave the

musclehead a friendly greeting, tipped the waitress and

left the restaurant with no broken bones or bruises.

What was that all about?  I really don't know.  I

haven't a clue why that sudden rage overcame me.  Plus, I

don 't have a clue why I'm writing about it.

So, I'll stop.  I'll go off in another tangent.

Listen, you ever wonder how many people want me to

allow them to write about their product or service in my

newsletter?  I can tell you, it's a bunch.  Hundreds of

people want to get a recommendation from me.

I turn almost all of

them down.

But, I do make exceptions.  Like when I allowed

Scott (Mongo) Haines to tell you about his truly excellent

copywriting course.

Well, I'm gonna do it again.  This time it will be

one of my best friends and Master copywriter, John

Carlton.  I think you'll enjoy reading about what he has

to say.  For one thing, you'll get an inside look into one

of the outrageous adventures John and I shared together.

Not only that, what he has to offer is of enormous value!

Anyway, I'm gonna let him take it from here.  So...

Here's Johnny!

From: John Carlton

The most

ripped-off copywriter on the Web…

Howdy…

I just now hung up the phone after another

marathon gab-fest with my good friend Gary Halbert… and he asked me to write

this little note to you.

So, while snow pummels my hovel here in the

comfy bosom of the Sierras -- a continent away from where Gary basks in tropical

warmth -- I’m gonna let you in on a big damn

secret.

Namely… almost everything Gary has been telling

you over the years …

Is True.

I know.  I was

there for much of the mayhem, chaos and adventure.

Watching, participating, sometimes

rescuing… and always, always learning.  (The stories I can’t

vouch for are mostly about his past sex life.  I’m pretty sure he’s

exaggerating, or at the very least deluded.)

My years hanging out with Halbert

were an astonishing ride.  Wealth, fame, disaster, discovery and one amazing

marketing adventure after another.

It will truly be a shame if I go to that Big Ad

Agency In The Sky before he does, because I

won’t get to write that shocking biographical expose I’ve been

threatening him with for a decade.

And, despite the fact I’m over 13

years younger, I wouldn’t bet on him going first, either -- the man has

the health and determination of a prime bull.  He still has more piss and

vinegar in him that most twenty-something’s I know.

I think the bastard is gonna outlive us all,

just for spite.

Anyway, what I have to share with you here is

vastly important for anyone who’s been following Gary… and who

is just itching to finally dive into your own entrepreneurial adventure

of hitting it rich… or to put your existing biz on hyper-overdrive and

finally start sucking up the major fungolas that have been eluding you.

In other words… if you’ll let me… I’m gonna

offer to deliver the kick in the butt you require to finally put your

life and your business on the fast track to attaining the kind of

cash-overloaded… pleasure-filled… and

excitement-guaranteed success you DON’T deserve.

No one is truly worthy of the

capitalistic wet-dream now available to those who bother to learn the insider

secrets, and put them to work.  It’s just too lavish and over-the-top wonderful.

Still, it really can be yours.  If you want

it.

Here’s the

story:  Gary’s gonna hate me for bringing up age, because we’re both

piling up the years.  The bad part of being a veteran businessman is that you

can feel a bit cheated that so much time has slipped by.  (No matter how

much raw adventure you’ve packed into each day.)

But the good part is that our experience

and knowledge -- both in business and in living life large -- is so vast

and deep, we never need to justify our position as teachers.

We have the goods.  We’re the real

thing.

There are lots and lots of

wannabes out there pretending to have the savvy of a hardened veteran…

but in truth, they’ve never been through a recession, let alone an entire

business cycle.

This

experience stuff becomes more and more critical as the world changes

around us.

The bottom line of your quest for wealth and

fame will always and forever be your ability

to craft a killer sales pitch.  No matter what business you’re in,

and no matter what you’re selling.

And the reality of our world is…

The Technology Of Delivering That Pitch

Will Always Change,

And Change Abruptly.

You can be the hottest whiz-kid on

the Internet today… and be toast tomorrow, when Google changes the rules,

or smarter competition pulls the rug out from under you, or -- shudder --

the overburdened infrastructure of the Web collapses.  (You know that Intel,

Apple, IBM and Yahoo are already putting together an alternate Web,

right?  Because they’re convinced the current configuration cannot

withstand the onslaught of millions of Chinese logging on over the next, oh,

year or so?)

Gary and I

aren’t like other veteran marketers, and never will be.  Too many of

our colleagues over the years became afraid of technology, and are

spending their time complaining about how horrible things are now, and great

they used to be.

Or, just as bad, they get locked into ONE way

of marketing on the Web.  Put all their cookies into one basket, and lose sleep

every night wondering when the hammer will fall.

That’s just

a horseshit way of doing business and living your life. Both

Gary and I, in our brief time here on the planet, have already blown through six

or seven MAJOR technological changes in the way a sales pitch gets delivered to

a prospect… and we’ve mastered them all.

Infomercials, toll phone numbers, fax blasting,

email blasting, heck, even the battle between Federal Express and the Post

Office (which has made express delivery a dream marketing tool for smart

marketers with super-targeted lists) have all radically changed the

landscape of the advertising game.

This never-ending roller coaster scares the

pants off most marketers.

But the

truly savvy veterans just shrug, and get busy exploiting each new

delivery system as it arrives.  And count up the money.

Newbies who think the Web has always been with

us, and will never change, may have stumbled on ways to rake in a few bucks… but

their lack of experience is setting them all up for a vicious wake-up

call.

I LOVE the constant change going on.  It’s been

this way my entire career, and every time some technology burp causes everyone

to run around screaming about how it’s all “different” now, I just laugh… and

adjust.

The way you deliver your sales message

may change radically.

But what

you PUT into that message will still be based on the “classic” tools of

world-class salesmanship.

Listen

carefully:  You can hire geeks to wrangle with the technology for

peanuts.

But guys who know how to craft a

sales pitch that forces people to yank money out of their wallet and throw it at

you will always be rare…

outrageously well-paid… and always seated comfortably in the front

row of the marketing show.

Remember this:

Nothing Happens

Until The Copy Gets Written.

Zilch.  Nada.  Ads don’t run,

Websites don’t get posted, sales letters don’t mail.  Stick strategies don’t go

out.  The communication between you and your buying audience grinds to a halt…

and the money pipeline shuts down.

Clank.

That’s why

this message is so important.  Between Gary and myself, you are in

the presence of the two most effective and experienced teachers in

advertising.

Unlike almost everyone else in the market

today, you have the CHOICE of learning how to be the “go to guy” in your

niche… where you can dominate your competition, rake in the most cash, and enjoy

the best reputation.

Discovering veterans like us (who know how to

teach) is like finding a secret path under a vast mountain range.  While

everyone else kills themselves struggling to climb over the obstacles, you’ll

just zoom though to the other side and be well on your way to the

Promised Land before they learn their first real lesson in making money.

It’s a heck of a choice to have -- the

option to SHORTCUT your way to glory and wealth.

And, Damn, But It’s FUN

When This Simple-Yet-Advanced Marketing Stuff

Kicks In.

I first met Gary Halbert at a Jay

Abraham party way back in the go-go 1980s.  (At the time, I was trading copy for

free run of Jay’s office… a genuine bargain, since I was in my “suck up every

scrap of knowledge from the geniuses” mode.)

Gary was easily the most arrogant, dismissive

and self-aggrandizing SOB I’d ever met.

I liked him

immediately.

When, a few months later, he suggested that I

drop everything and become an overworked copywriter slave for him, I

agreed without hesitation.

You’ve got to understand -- at that point,

I was already well on the path to being

a superstar copywriter for the “big mailers” like Agora and Rodale and

Phillips and Boardroom.

I had made a name for myself in

Los Angeles as the hot-shot freelancer who got snuck in the back door at

the major agencies (to do the critical ad copy their own lame staff couldn’t

pull off).

And I’d already apprenticed as a

ghost-writer for Hall-of-Fame proven copywriters like Jim Rutz (for whom I wrote

a financial package studded with real pesos that mailed profitably for eight

years).

I

literally walked away from a career worth millions… because, in

my gut, I knew I was an ill-fit in that corporate world of big mailers and fancy

agencies.

Gary, to my

mind, was where the real action was -- the exploding

entrepreneurial world.  Where no one wore a tie, the risks were staggering, and

every project was an adventure that hinged on the copywriter’s ability to SELL.

And the money you could earn was just

outrageously huge.

Yet, working without a net like that isn’t

everyone’s cup of tea.

But if you’ve got entrepreneur blood in your

veins, it’s the only game around.  Done

right, you can earn a vast personal fortune working at your kitchen table in

your pajamas… and do it quickly.

And this was before the Web was even a

glint in any marketer’s eye.  Today, you can

add two or three zeroes to the money

you can make with these tactics.

I’ve been a top veteran copywriter for over 20

years now… and I’ve stayed on top because of my gluttonous appetite for

learning new stuff.  My “Bag of Tricks” is easily among the deepest and

most effective arsenals in the industry.

I earned my skills, often in the most painful

and unglamorous manner possible… but because my

learning curve was such a hard slog, I’m now one of the best teachers

on the scene.

My “Rant” newsletter is now in the

fourth year of being published monthly, snail-mailed to 16 countries all over

the globe (at last count), and considered “must reading” by most of the

players in the entrepreneurial niche of the direct marketing world.

I call myself “the most ripped-off

copywriter on the Web” because it’s true --

marketers have, for years, stalked my ads and

knocked them off for their own sales efforts.  And my most legendary

direct mail letters, Web sites and print ads are used as “study guides” by

advanced, super-savvy businessmen world-wide.

I don’t speak at seminars very often, but when

I do I’m usually a featured attraction.  I’ve been the keynote speaker for a

couple of Dan Kennedy Boot Camps, the most recent “Big Seminar” in LA put

on by the amazing Armand Morin, and many other major events.  (Including

seminars by Carl Galletti, Ken McCarthy, Kendrick Cleveland, and even

Gary Halbert himself.)

My own seminars -- like the notorious “Copywriting

Sweatshop” and the ground-breaking “License To Steal” workshop --

sell out at $5,000 a seat.

My blog (www.john-carlton.com) is read

by vast numbers of people from the red-hot core of the marketing world.

And I could go on with the self-promoting, but

I’m blushing.

Because, you see, I’m actually a fairly shy

guy… who was happy working behind the scenes as the notoriously-anonymous

“secret weapon” copywriter.

But working

with Gary changed all that.  He forced me onstage, kicked my

butt to go after larger and more ambitious goals… and refused to quit

badgering me until I finally started the Rant newsletter, and started giving my

own seminars.

That’s the kind of guy he is.  Never happy to

see anyone settle into a routine rut, where life can be slow and normal and

uneventful.

Screw that.

Life around

Halbert is NEVER normal.

The education in marketing and salesmanship

(and, yes, writing copy at a more visceral and more effective level) that I

received while working with Gary was dangerous… jam-packed with evil adventure…

and the most fun I’ve had in business.

It was also

worth millions of dollars and more.

He was a vicious mentor.   And plopped me

behind the “Big Desk” in his Sunset Boulevard office way before I was

ready -- it was sink or swim, and as my head exploded with the work load he

piled on me I realized that the head growing back in the ruins of my

shoulders was an advanced, and much more savvy, version of my old self.

Co-producing

his first huge marketing seminar nearly killed me.  That’s not a joke.

But pulling that event off changed the way seminars have been produced ever

since.

And I went on to share the stage

with Gary for a couple of dozen MORE seminars, each one more outrageous

and more challenging and more growth-forcing than the last.

We were dancing as fast as we could on the

shaky cutting-edge of every major marketing breakthrough of the last

twenty years.

We wrote

some of the very first infomercials… back when sharp direct

marketers were picking up late-night scrap time on the new cable networks for

nothing (literally sometimes for free), filming hour-long pitches in the

afternoon and running them hours later.  No one in the “normal” business world

even suspected the wealth locked up in those sloppy “wee hour”

infomercials.

We were among the first to divine the goldmine

of the “900” toll phone numbers (before they were taken over by the sex

industry, even).

And when I wrote a long-copy ad for the Web in

the early 1990s, there was NO ONE else even dabbling in the medium.

Gary and I have remained close friends, though

I could never work with him again.  My heart can’t take it anymore.

Many people out there claim to be “action

central” in the marketing world… but Halbert really IS.

So… what’s

all this back-story got to do with you?

Plenty, if you’re ready to get moving with

your own wealth-building.

You see… Gary launched me on a learning

adventure that didn’t end when I left his employ.  I went back and dabbled in

the “big mailer” world for a while (the “sex letter” control I wrote for Rodale

mailed to millions of names for five years -- after knocking off their best

writer -- and has become one of the most ripped pieces of copy in advertising

history).

And I took on a handful of clients who were

willing to keep the leash off -- meaning,

they would mail everything I wrote, without censorship.

That allowed me to experiment

with dangerous concepts… and many of the print, mail and Web ads I created have

formed the hardcore base of the most effective “swipe files” around.

What I

bring to the table… is my ability to teach.  If you’re getting

everything you need from reading Gary’s postings, or going to his seminars

(which I highly recommend doing), then great.

However… I’ve taught a vast population of

people how to write killer copy, and how to dominate their markets, over the

past four years… because of an embarrassing secret:

I SUCK

At Learning The Tough Lessons.

So I have to learn them again, over and

over.

This tedious, bloody cycle of learning and

relearning has given me a rare insight into the

teaching process.

I know the pitfalls, intimately.  And, more

important, I now know the shortcuts AROUND the pitfalls… so the people I

teach reach their goals in record time.

Minus the skinned knees and concussions I had

to suffer taking the long way around.

What I offer is not a “copy” of what I learned

from Halbert.  Remember, I’d already established myself as a proven copywriter

when I met him.

No.  I wouldn’t be who I am today without the

wild ride Gary and I shared over several years.

Nevertheless, what I offer is unique and different.  After all this

time, I’ve earned a place at the Hall of Fame table, beside Gary and the other

veterans who’ve earned a little hard-won notoriety.

When Gary needs some honest, deep advice from

someone he trusts… he calls me.  And when I need a reality check, I call Gary.

We’ve been Hot Seating each other for fifteen

years.

And the winner…

Is You.

If you’re ready.

Gary asked me to create a special package,

just for his subscribers.  And I have done so.

Let’s call this “The

Carlton Blackmail Package”… because that’s what he’s done.  Twisted

my arm, until I agreed to give away the farm here.

I’ve got a few things on the bastard.  But he’s

got just as much on me.  We’re at a stalemate, each holding nasty

expose material neither wants daylight shed on.

If you’ve been following Gary for any length of

time, you know that he and I rib each other viciously.  (What’d he call me last

year in a newsletter… a “lapdog”?  And then complained to me that too

many people didn’t get the joke… because, as he said, I was so OBVIOUSLY one of

his best and closest friends, and why in the world would he seriously

disrespect a friend like that?)  (I got him back, though.  Our practical jokes

on each other go on for years, and they’re brutal.)

But all

that ribbing comes from deep mutual respect.  Most people don’t

realize what a meeting among insiders in the business world is actually like.

(Which is why I recorded a bunch of phone calls I had with Gary and Dan Kennedy

and other insiders, called The Scuttlebutt Tapes -- I wanted to catch the way we

really talked to each other on tape, for posterity.  Plus, it’s a vicious

education in real-world advanced marketing.)

We’re passionate about copywriting, and

about cutting-edge marketing.  We’re SERIOUS about this stuff, because it’s the

engine that makes the capitalist system churn at full grind.

But we couldn’t handle the stress of it all

without a world-class sense of humor.

We do not take OURSELVES seriously at all.

We know we’re good.  We know that what we teach

works.

And we have fun teaching it all.

I tell you this to prepare you for what you’re

about to be offered.

Here’s what is in “The

Carlton Blackmail Package”:

First:  You get the

industry-jarring course “Kick-Ass Copywriting Secrets of a Marketing Rebel”.

It’s the exact “insider” course I wish was

around when I was starting out.  Learning even one or two of these

secrets would have short-cut my own success by... oh... ten years at least.

Probably more.  (It can help you leap-frog over the learning process even

faster.)

Included in this best-selling

manual are secrets most businesses never discover… such as:

The 10 instantly-effective

secrets of a copywriter who was forced to create successful ads... or starve!

(I call it “Gun To The Head Copywriting.”)

The amazing “Lazy

Businessman’s 3-Step Shortcut” to creating your first world-class ad.

(How to quickly turn your hidden salesmanship skills into white-hot sales

copy... even if you flunked English!)

How to sell to more customers in a day than you could personally

meet in a year!

How to use the ancient “Function of Seduction” secrets in your

advertising to make people desperate to open their wallets and give you money!

(It’s the amazing “lost” secret of

all

great salesmen and all intensely-successful wealth-building marketing.)

How to find the

head-turning hook that reels customers into

your ad like crazy!  (I’ll show you how to be

the one thing your prospect reads today that gets his blood pumping and

makes him crave what you’re selling.  His adrenaline levels won’t go

down until he’s sent you money.)

How to nail the passionate “sweet spot” of your customer

with master-class sales copy!  (You’ll gain instant trust because he feels

you’re “just like family”.)

The one envelope that no one in the history of civilization has

ever NOT opened!

How to write a

killer headline

that stops your intended audience cold!  (Find the right

“trigger” words that will pinch your reader on the ass and force her to

drop everything to read your ad.)

Why your fortune depends on some basic “street savvy”... and how

to get it quickly even if you’ve led the most boring life in town.  (A unique

secret to turning your overlooked personality and the way people actually

talk to each other into huge piles of cash!)

Very simple tactic to

double

your profits overnight!  (An astonishingly easy technique well-used

by smart businessmen... but ignored by 99% of other marketers!)

How to close “high ticket” deals for obscenely-large amounts of

money -- even in an ad where your prospect can’t see or hold your product!

11 proven examples of

successful direct response concepts you can use immediately (no

matter what business you’re in)... plus a Proven Template for your own

mega-pulling sales letter!  (An astonishing “how to do it yourself” shortcut map.)

Why your new “back end” will be the most profitable part of

every sale.  (The quickest and most fun “warp-speed education” on

multiplying your income you’ll ever get!)

How to create your own perfect

product over a short weekend... so you can start earning your fortune

even if you don’t have a real business or anything to sell yet!

The Marketing Rebel’s “Million Dollar Bag of Tricks” -- 54

proven sales-boosting secrets straight from the trenches... where they bring in

massive cash-flow, every day, for the most successful businesses and

entrepreneurs in the world!

The cash-multiplying secret of “Operation MoneySuck”!  (You

can skip going to college to get a master’s degree in business -- here’s all

you need to know, in a nice tidy 3-pages.  The

secret of constant income and success that won’t quit.)

A quickie “Idiot’s Guide” to consumer psychology!

(Instantly understand exactly what makes your customer tick... and learn how

to tickle his “consumer hot buttons” to the point of frenzy.)

How to sell yourself!

(Yes, these over-the-top salesmanship secrets will change every aspect of

your life, no matter what you need -- be it love, money, respect or a

fresh start.)

And... The mysterious force behind every dollar bill in the

universe that can hook you into an almost magical stream of cash-flow!  (Even conservative, prominent and

well-known business owners use this

spooky tactic.  It’s the biggest “x-factor” in

rapid success, completely hidden from most people.)

That’s just a small sample of what

you’ll find.  There are 18 sections in this copywriting course... each designed

to short-cut your education.  And give you the exact super-detailed

roadmap you need to start writing your own earth-shaking copy and create

your own ridiculously-successful marketing campaigns.

There is also a special update included…

it was necessary because of all the hot new stuff happening on the Web.  (I

remain one of the few “classic” veterans who is wired into the red-hot center of

Internet marketing -- it’s why I get invited

to speak at so many “Web-Based” seminars.)

Also included is a set of

4 CDs of me talking you through the entire

copywriting course (so you can listen in your car, or on headphones

at home -- many people find that listening helps them learn faster and retain

more)...

I don’t care if you’ve never written a word

of sales copy before in your life.  Or if you’re just starting out.  Or if

you’ve taken six other businesses straight into bankruptcy.  Or even if you

haven’t got a clue what you want to sell, or where.

None of that matters.

The ONLY

thing that matters... is your desire to get on the bus.  To start

writing ads that bring in sales and cash and new customers in a flood,

fast and furious.

This isn’t brain surgery.  But you

cannot “figure it out” on your own.  I’ve already spent the critical 20 years of

working hard, hanging out with the great mentors of advertising, making the

obvious mistakes and following through on jaw-dropping successes.

There is absolutely no sane reason why you should want to waste years of your

own life attempting to cover this same ground.

This is the course I would

have killed to own when I started out.

But Wait...

There’s More.

With this special offer we’ve

arranged… you will also receive a huge volume of my collected letters and ads

(including most of the now-famous home run fortune-making pieces that

have been ripped off so much online).

Consider this collection a “swipe file” of the best examples of

world-class advertising you’ll ever find in one place.

Clients have paid me as much as $100,000

(including royalties that still come in) to write a single letter.

They pay these kinds of staggering fees happily... because my stuff works.

They can mail a letter or run one of my ads in magazines for years,

gathering huge profits each time.  My Web copy is like an automatic feeding

frenzy of profit.  The fees clients pay me are a tiny fraction of the

fortune these pieces create.

This

collection is like having a private pass into Fort Knox.  And, since I

explain and break down the techniques and choices I made in each piece...

You Can Easily

“Translate” These Monster Winners

Into A Killer

Ad For Your Own Needs!

Included are copies (with

complete detailed analysis)

of such notorious ads and letters like:

The “one-legged golfer” ad that scandalized the staid

golf magazines (but sold a ton of product for many years).

A prime example of how a single ad can work

over and over again, year after year, with almost zero changes to the copy.

The “sex letter” I wrote for Rodale Books that got me

blacklisted there... until they finally mailed it.  It

slaughtered the control, and mailed to millions of names worldwide for over 5

years.  (In it, you will discover the secret to “getting inside your customer’s

head”... and using his deepest desires to

trigger a sale.)

The multi-page “shock-wave” ads for Navy SEAL training videos

that changed the martial arts world forever.  (And introduced the

buttoned-down “Wall Street” crowd to kicking ass using combat secrets few

civilians will ever find out about.)

The famous “wow” letter that arrived in mailboxes with a

dollar-bill attached to it.  (Selling a ton

of information at $377 a pop.)

And many, many more letters and ads.  All

deconstructed and fully outlined for you -- so

you know why I used certain words... how the guarantees were decided... the

thinking behind the concepts... how the letters pulled... and all the

important lessons learned (both good and bad).

This is mega-valuable stuff.  You see

every word of copy used in these promotions... exactly as they were printed.

This absolutely is NOT raw theory -- it’s hard-core PROVEN copy and tactics and

secrets that actually grabbed real prospects... and pulled real orders.

You will see what I wrote, understand why I wrote it... and have the

opportunity to freely...

Rip Me Off For Your Own Ads And Letters

And Sales Pitches!

I’ve been offered $5,000 on the spot for

such a collection... but I’ve never been motivated to put it together

before.  Now that I’ve finally decided to share my secrets... here it is.  One

packed-tight collection of material that will

shock, titillate and educate the hell out of

you.  And you’ll be stunned by the low price I ask.  (More on that in

just a moment.)

Plus...

I

will buy you a 12-month subscription to my white-hot newsletter “The

Marketing Rebel Rant” (normal year’s sub is now $250).  If you don’t

fall in love with this irreverent, outrageous and

insanely-information-dense newsletter, then you aren’t breathing.  It’s worth

the price for the entire package.  It’s an ongoing, very personal mentorship

that includes eye-opening sections like:

► Salesmanship 101 (where you can learn what the most

irresistible salesmen on the planet     know about closing the deal)...

►  Lessons From The Vice Squad (things you won’t learn

in Sunday school about world-class  marketing tactics)...

►  Operation MoneySuck (how to get massive amounts of cash

flowing like water in your direction)...

And an interactive Shame And Success department (where I’ll

share super-valuable e-mail and real-time critiques with you).

Not done yet…

I will also send you

ALL back issues of the Rant -- three

entire years worth of newsletters… equal to an advanced course on

marketing, advertising and life all on its own.  (That’s something that would

have cost you $600 to have received as a regular subscriber.)

This is hot stuff.

This is player material.

PLUS…

…and I’m only doing this because

Halbert insists -- you get...

Two Uncensored FREE Critiques -- Personally

Done By Me --

Of Your Most Important Ads!

This access to a pro writer for critiques is

priceless.  I have a well-deserved reputation for being THE most

hard-nosed drill sergeant who’s ever helped another person learn to write.  I am

brutal with my critiques… because it’s serious business.

I treat you the SAME WAY I treat

myself -- because money is on the line.  Your money, and the

success of your business.  I would be committing a crime if I let you send out a

bad piece of copy.

So I tell it like it is -- the

exact way I critique my own writing.  To keep pushing it away from mediocre

and toward world-class status… where amazing success and wealth

awaits.

Is that enough to get your greed

gland salivating?

Well, guess what?

There’s more to this package:

I will also include one my

sought-after “Book of Critiques” -- something you otherwise cannot lay

your hands on without becoming a member of my elite Insider’s Club.

This staggeringly huge volume

contains several dozen critiques I’ve done for other people.  It’s

a dense super-advanced education in the life-changing advice for which

I’ve earned a reputation as perhaps the best hands-on teacher alive.

I

will also throw in a “One-Half Off” certificate good for a

one-on-one “mini-Hot Seat” phone consultation with me, with no expiration date.

PLUS:

Two BONUSES:  I will also send you,

as a bonus you can KEEP no matter what, two of those astonishing Scuttlebutt

Tapes I mentioned before -- “The Go To Guy”, with me and Halbert in an

“R”-rated discussion of a burning issue for marketing who want to go all the

way… and “Success Secrets That Scare Most People Half To Death”, with me

and Dan Kennedy.

You get both the CDs and the

transcripts -- something I’ve never offered before.

And, finally…

I Will DOUBLE

The Normal Guarantee Time For You.

Usually, I give you a full 3 months to check

everything out, and decide if you want to keep it or return it.

For Gary, that’s just not good

enough.  So you can take a full 6 months to

decide.  And, if you do decide this “blackmail” package isn’t for you

-- for any reason at all -- just return it for a fast refund.

No questions asked.

And you can KEEP the two Scuttlebutt CDs and

transcripts.  My gift to you, just for taking the time to check this

package I’ve arranged especially for Gary’s subscribers.

I think that’s about it.

Oh wait…

are you curious how much all this will cost

you?

Well… my Insider’s Club, where I

offer critiques and swipe files and the Rant and other goodies… is a flat $2,400

for one year.  Expensive, yes.

Worth every penny.

It’s $5,000 to step foot into any

of my seminars.

Heck, to hire me as a copywriter

will set you back $20,000, plus a piece of the profit.

However, Gary has asked me (okay,

forced me) to price this little bundle of goodies much more modestly.

Therefore… the price for all of

the above, delivered via Federal Express Ground in a big damn box that will blow

your mind:  Just $999.

Here’s what you need to do now:

There are two ways to complete

your order.

1.

The easiest is to hit one of these two links

-- depending on whether you’re ording inside the US or from a foreign country --

which will take you to a Paypal order page created especially for this offer.

(Note: If the link you choose doesn’t instantly take you to the Paypal order

page, you may have to hold down your Control key while clicking on the blue link

copy)…

Click here to pay by PayPal inside US

Click here to pay by PayPal outside US

The entire transaction will take

you just a few minutes, even if this is the first time you’ve ever used Paypal.

It’s brain-dead simple, and your order will be in my hands for processing within

hours.

2.  Or… you can print the Priority Order Form

below, and fax it to 775-562-2655, or snail mail it to: John Carlton,

316 California Ave. #114, Reno, NV 89509.

You can use your credit card, or

write a check payable to Marketing Rebel, LLC.

And I’m done.  The order page is

below, along with a few testimonials you may not have seen before -- just a

little third part credentialing, so you know I’m not making any of this stuff

up.

I hope you give this “Blackmail”

package a look-see.  There’s no risk

whatsoever -- if you’re not happy, for any reason at all (and you

don’t even NEED a reason), just return the material for a fast refund.

But keep the Scuttlebutt CDs.  My

gift to you just for looking.

I gotta go.

Hope to see you soon on the

scrolls of the Rant.  I promise not to be nice.

Later,

John

Carlton

P.S.  If you order right now, within the next

day or so, I’ll send you a note detailing

the time I made Gary cry.  God, that was one of the best pranks I

ever pulled on him, getting him back for years worth of cruel and unusual

practical jokes…

P.P.S.  Aw, heck… I’ll sweeten the deal even more.

If you order right away, I’ll also include a special report (unavailable at any

price elsewhere) called “The 20 Clicks”.

These are the exact notes I took during one of the very first seminars I did

with Halbert… and I kept detailed track of every marketing tactic he used while

doing Hot Seats with business owners.

People who have followed Halbert’s newsletter

for years have lusted after this report… because it

shortcuts the business of trying to “figure out

what’s in his Bag of Tricks” that allows him to so easily know EXACTLY what to

do in, no matter how complex or seemingly-impossible the marketing problem

before him is.

This is advanced insider knowledge, the stuff

of rumor and legend.

And I will send it to you, for free, if you

order right now.

So don’t dick around and let this

opportunity slip through your fingers.  Either fill out the Order Form below

and get it back to me, or hop onto Paypal and get your order into processing

immediately.

Remember, there’s no risk whatsoever.

Thanks.

The order form is below the following

testimonials…

“Over the last 14 days, what you taught me generated an extra

$20,979 in sales!  Thanks again.”  Jeff Gardner, TX  (Update:  “After a

full month, my take is now $70,000!  Note to self:  Follow John’s advice!”)…

“You know that new

‘hook’ you insisted I try in my sales pitch?  It tripled response!  This

translates into several hundred thousand dollars in sales over the coming year.

You are on my Christmas gift list for life, dude.”  Lisa Wagner,

California… “I’ve written pieces that have pulled in

millions of dollars.  Yet, when I sit down to write copy, I pull out my swipe

file of

John Carlton’s

stuff, and study it like my life depended on it.  He is one of the few true

experts in advertising.  Pure gold.”  Caleb O’Dowd, Florida…

“My average order is 50%

higher (and more) since I adopted your idea.  I love your outlook, and your

advice cracks me up while bringing in the results.” Tom Venuto, NJ…

“Dear John: Your strategies have made me hundreds of

thousands of dollars.  I consider your copywriting to be so influential on my

success, that I’ve literally stalked your ads and sales letters, purchased

countless products and services to get on lists… solely so I could collect (and

study) the sales letters that you write. This practice has been like a

real-world ‘Harvard Business School’ education for me. And I know dozens of

millionaire business people and successful ‘guru’s’ that quietly keep an eye on

you, follow all that you do, and consider you a major influence on their

success.”  Ben Cummings, Park Place Publishing, NY… “Thanks to

your tips, I just doubled response on my website!  I’ve never gotten 5 hot sales

leads in one and a half hours before, such I just did this afternoon.  This is

getting really exciting, fast.”  Perry Marshall, Perry Marshall and Associates…

“John fought hard to get us to mail his sales letter

for our new book.  He ruffled so many feathers pushing us past our creative

‘comfort zone’ that he got himself temporarily blacklisted... until, of course,

his piece not only knocked off one of our top writers, but also mailed

profitably for over 4 years to millions of names.”  Sindy Berner,

Production Marketing Manager,

Rodale Books, PA…

“Just

finished a 1,000 trial mailing with new copy using Carlton’s concepts.  Raked in

$22,000 the first week.  It worked so good it was scary.”  Dr. John M. La

Tourrette, OR… “I implemented your recommendations,

and almost DOUBLED my conversion rate on my website!  Awesome.”

Blair Gorman,

New Zealand… “This guy turned our

business around literally overnight.  Just John’s consulting abilities alone are

worth his outrageous fee -- the fact you also get one of the best copywriters

alive makes him the biggest bargain in business today.  He throws himself into

every aspect of a project... so when the ad runs and the phones start ringing,

you’re prepared to capture every dollar.”  Dr. Russell Horine, NuLife

Clinics… “I have 20 years of experience with B2B direct

response -- I eat salesmen for lunch -- so I bristled at

John’s suggestion that I

needed to rewrite my sales letter.  Good thing I got over my rage… because

listening to John allowed me to penetrate over 10% of a very competitive

industry, and I’m still getting 2-3 calls a week.  Thanks for pushing me so

hard.”  Dan Page,

CO… “Studying John Carlton’s

writing, and adapting it to Japanese culture, has allowed me to dominate an

entire Asian market.  It’s just unbelievable what you can do when you learn

what’s in John’s amazing bag of tricks.”

Markus Kuroda,

Japan…  “I went from making about $500 a month from my

website… to pulling down over $2,000 each month.  And it’s all because of your

advice on my copy.  Nothing else changed.”  Fernando Cruz…

Click here to print the

priority order form

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.