SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2006/go_ask_alice.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:44
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend and Subscriber,

The first part of this newsletter is very painful for me to

write.

It forces me to relive recent events about one of the most

difficult patches of time in my entire life.  I almost

decided not to write about this at all.  But, I can’t not

write it.  I try to write as honest a newsletter as I can.

I’m not perfect at it, but I struggle to keep it straight.

Anyways, as I said, I can’t not write it; it just wouldn’t

be me.

Enough stalling.  Let’s get on with it.

I don’t smoke.  I don’t drink alcoholic beverages.  I don’t

use recreational drugs.  This has been true for years.

Many, many years.  In spite of all that, I recently spent 10

days in the intense, detox unit of a local hospital.  I was

detoxing from a prescription drug that should never have

been prescribed for me at all.  In fact, in my opinion, it

should not be prescribed for anyone.

Ever.

This medication is described as a “low-level” anti-anxiety

drug. It is hugely popular.  You can get a prescription for

it from almost any doctor.  Go to the internet and you’ll

find endless sources where you can buy it without any

prescription at all.  In some countries you can literally

buy it over the counter.

It works like a dream.  If you are tense or anxious, just

swallow one of these little suckers and, in less than 20

minutes, your tension and anxiety will evaporate.  Many

people use it to get a good night’s sleep.

It would be great if you could use this pill on a truly “as

needed” basis.  But, in my case, after years of using it, it

got away from me.  I became dependant on this drug.  For a

long time, it helped me get through my day.

Every day.

I guess, because of that, you could consider me a weak

person.  I wouldn’t argue with you about this.  But, you

should know this “innocent” little pill is now considered by

many experts to be the biggest drug problem in the world.

It seems to have gotten the best of thousands (make that

hundreds of thousands) of other “weak” people.  It has

eclipsed heroin, cocaine and even methamphetamine as the

world’s major, most dangerous drug.

Let me help you understand why this is so... and... let me

explain what I mean when I say I and countless other people

come to be “dependent” on this drug.  It’s not just that

people start to pop one of these little pills when they

become tense, anxious or have a hard time getting to sleep.

No.  The real problem comes when you decide to stop

using this drug.  Many people (like me) decide, “Hey, this

is getting the best of me.  I’m going to deal with my

problems without any kind of chemical help.”  And then, they

flush their supply of this drug down the toilet.

And,

That’s When The Nightmare Begins!

You

see, this drug has a very short “half life.”  That means it

passes out of your body very, very quickly.  And, 4 to 6 to

maybe eight hours after you’ve flushed your drugs down the

toilet, you begin to feel tenseness, anxiety and dread like

you’ve never known before.  It gets far worse than the

symptoms were that got you to first taking this drug.

It gets worse minute-by-minute.  After two or three days of

trying to kick this drug “cold turkey” you will likely start

having seizures, convulsions, perhaps a stroke or maybe a

heart attack.

More

Than 20% Of The People Who Try

To

Quit Using This Drug “Cold-Turkey” By Themselves

Actually Die!

After

people try to stop using this drug, they do whatever is

necessary to get more of it.  Then, they realize they are

between a rock and a hard-place.  They are hooked.

If they see a competent doctor, he will tell them, if

possible, they need to detox in a medical facility.  If not,

their other option is to “taper off” cutting down by a mere

10% per week.  Many people (like me) try this.  Usually they

try over and over.  But, the “tapering off” experience keeps

you at such a high level of discomfort that few people are

able to do it.

Many of those people (like me) at this period actually start

using more of this drug and then...

Their Lives Turn Into A Nightmare On Steroids!

And so

it came to pass, I checked myself into a medical detox

center.  I stayed there for 10 days.  It was, to say the

least, unpleasant.  This turns out to be the hardest drug to

kick in the world.  And, one of the most dangerous.  Even

worse than heroin.

I learned later that, even in this controlled medical

environment, it was “touch and go” for me for at least the

first five days.  The medical people later told me I went

through the roughest detox they had ever seen anyone

survive.

But, I did it.  I somehow managed to “hold on” until it was

over.  And now, I am completely free of this drug.  And, as

every day goes by, I get stronger physically and clearer

mentally and, I am wondering about something:

If

I Was Sharp Before, How Much Better Will I Be Now That I Do

Not

Have This Drug Holding Me Down!

But wait.  I didn’t just write all of this just because I

wanted to share a part of my life with you.  I did it for

another far more important reason. You see, I’m absolutely

certain many of my readers are sliding down the same path as

the one I just described.  You see, the drug I’ve been

writing about is little ‘ol innocent...

Xanax!

And, a lot of you are “being helped” by this little innocent

drug, aren’t you?

Listen up: Most drug fatalities are caused by overdose.

But, with some drugs, you are far more likely to die when

you try to stop using the drug.  And, Xanax is the number

one drug of which this is true.  Hardly anyone ever dies of

a Xanax overdose.  Nope.  With Xanax you are more likely to

die when you decide to quit using the drug.

And, don’t think you are ever immune.  It took 15-years

until this drug drove me into medical detox.  And much of

that time I lived a pretty “ok” life.  But, if you are

flirting with using this drug, it could happen to you in 15

days.  You never know.  After a certain point, it is

not you who is in control.

Anyway, I want a small favor from you: If you are using

Xanax (even a very small amount), I just want you to visit a

website.  It is...

www.Benzo.org.uk

Read

it.  It will knock you out of your socks.

And, if you know anyone using Xanax (and it’s almost certain

you do) give them this newsletter to read and encourage them

to go to the website I just mentioned.

Listen: My newsletters are all under copyright.  But, forget

that as far as this one goes.  You can reproduce and

distribute  it until the cows come home.  In fact, I’m

begging you to do it.

You

Just Might Save Someone’s Life!

Alrighty then, now that I’ve set the dismal tone for this

newsletter, let me tell you about another recent event that

“sucker-punched” me in the gut.  This one doesn’t have the

life or death urgency about what I have already written

about... but... it is indeed a true downer.

As many of you know, my assistant, Theresa, has pretty much

been the glue that has held my little business together

for...

17

Years!

Also,

as many of you already know, she recently got married.  Her

marriage came at a complete shock to me.  I had no advance

warning or clue.  Also, as her husband insisted, she had to

break all ties with me very abruptly.  I thought it was

going to be a smooth transition from Theresa to my new

assistant, Liliana.  This turned out not be the case.  We

were given one day (the day after Christmas) to get all of

my computers, products and everything else from the office

and storage unit in Ocala to take back here to Miami.  Also,

Theresa had one 7-hour day to teach Liliana the computer

programs, passwords and codes and the other stuff that makes

my business tick.  In other words, it was a valiant attempt

to transfer 17 years of business expertise from one person

to another in one short day.

That’s not the worst of it.  We are also forbidden access to

Theresa forever.  I have no way to visit her, telephone her,

e-mail her, or even send her a smoke signal.  Theresa has

been very loyal and helpful to me.  She is a wonderful woman

and her contribution to my life has been priceless.

But, she’s also a Jehovah Witness and, as I understand it,

when a JW woman marries, she must, according to the dictates

of that religion be almost completely subservient to her

husband.  Theresa is a very classy woman.  I think if the

situation were different, she’d at least talk with my female

assistant from time-to-time to help her work out any

glitches.  But, none of that really matters.  What is, is.

And, I’ve simply got to make the best of the cards I’ve been

dealt.

So, I’m here in Miami with a new office, boxes stacked from

wall-to-ceiling and, we don’t even have the computers hooked

up yet.  You’ll know when they are hooked up because I won’t

be able to post this newsletter on my website until then.

So, if you are reading this letter, you know I am in

business again.  Sort of.  And, if you’re not reading this

newsletter, I am not.

Anyway, if you are reading this letter, that means I’m back

in business, and I’ve got something to sell.  Don’t tense

up.  It has enormous value and you’re not going to have to

sell the farm to get it.  Let me tell you about it.  As you

probably know, I did a “Root Canal” Seminar in Orlando on

December 2nd and another one in Los Angeles on

December 9th.  For some insane reason, I decided

not to record these seminars.  One guy actually offered to

record them for me for free.  I said, “No, I don’t want this

one recorded.”  That turned out to be a bad, bad mistake.

After about five hours of the first day of this seminar, I

realized it was turning out to be perhaps the best seminar

I’ve ever given.  Then, my staff and I struggled like crazy

to find a way to record it.  We even tried using an I-Pod to

do the job.  But, to no avail.  It was at this time, I

resolved to record the upcoming seminar in Los Angeles.

But, I had learned that Theresa, who usually takes care of

the details of stuff like this for me, would not be allowed

to go to Los Angeles.

I was almost panic stricken but, then, a really nice guy,

George Graves, said he would attend the L.A. Seminar and he

would record it for me.

Thank

God for George!

So, the Los Angeles Root Canal Seminar did get recorded

professionally and I now have all the CD’s of that seminar.

There are 12 CD’s in the set, plus one bonus CD of the only

other person that spoke at the seminar besides myself.  He

was John Gilvary of US Merchant Services.  And what he talks

about on his CD is how to go about getting a merchant

account.  Trust me.  You cannot afford to miss out on really

good info about merchant accounts that allows you to process

credit card orders.  And, when you listen to this CD you

will hear explicit instructions on how you can get a

merchant account almost immediately.

Anyway, I’ve been thinking about these Root Canal Seminars.

What was it, I puzzled, that made these seminars stand out

so much from all the other seminars I had given?  Then it

came to me.  It was the format of the seminar.  In the Root

Canal seminars what I did was talk for the better part of

the entire first day on what people need to know to operate

a profitable direct marketing business.  And, what I talked

about are things you MUST know that, as far as I know, have

not been revealed in any other seminar.  Then, after that, I

asked if anyone in the room had marketing problems that I

could help them solve.  And, the entire rest of the seminar

consisted of me telling people exactly what they were doing

wrong and exactly what they needed to do to fix their

problems.  I not only answered their questions, I gave them

marketing strategies that were essential to make a success

out of their business.

I did this for every single person in the room.  I cannot

imagine someone having a problem concerning a direct

marketing business that is not addressed and answered on the

CD’s of this seminar.  If you only ever buy one thing from

me, I hope it is these CD’s.

The price I’ve decided to charge you for a set of these

invaluable CD’s is $397.00 and I will pay the shipping and

handling charges.

Click Here To Order The "Root Canal" Seminar

(start listening to the first day instantly)

Well, that’s it for this issue.  I hope you order my CD’s, I

hope you help spread the word about Xanax and I hope you

continue to be a loyal reader of this newsletter.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

You know, generally, in the P.S. section of most of my

newsletters, I try to write something clever, witty and

funny, but not this time.  In the month of November, I was

flying high.  And then, my life turned around so suddenly it

took my breath away.

I

don’t think I’ll ever stop being irreverent and I don’t

think I’m going to start being politically correct.  But,

the last few weeks of my life have changed me.  I’m now, I

believe, a much more compassionate person.  I’m less

judgmental and I never smart-ass anymore when I see a person

who is struggling with his or her situation in life.

But,

don’t worry.  I’m still gonna be the same ‘ol “kick-ass and

take-names” Gary that many of you have come to love, hate

and think I’m a genius or an articulate writer who is wrong

just about everything.  Anyway, thank you for bearing with

me through a more than somewhat dismal letter.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.