SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2007/october_2007_Good_News/october_2007_Good_News.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:53
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

THE GARY

HALBERT LETTER

7510 SUNSET BLVD. #1020

LA, CA 90046

[email protected]

PHONE 323-851-8275

Dear

Friend and Subscriber,

For

all of you who have felt the loss of Gary Halbert's colorful

and inspirational newsletter, I have a lot of very good news.

The best of the news is, it seems that Gary will be able to

teach a few more marketing lessons from beyond the grave. More

on this in a moment as we have a few announcements to make first.

It

has taken us a while but we finally got enough bandwidth so

everyone who wants to can view the memorial service and some

of the stories we shared back at Sherry Hackett's beautiful

home after the service. Just click on the links at the bottom

of this page to view them when you are done reading this important

message.

Due

to a glitch, the site went down for a little while. Once we

brought it back online, a lot of people expressed a heartfelt

gratitude for leaving thegaryhalbertletter.com up and open to

everyone. To all of those people, you are more than welcome.

It would have been a dishonor to our father had we taken it

down. He was much more than another marketing guru. He was in

a way, a learning institution specializing in the field of direct

marketing and more specifically copywriting.

Nobody

else I know of loved to teach other people the craft of copywriting

as much as Gary Halbert. I do not remember a time in my life

when my father wasn't teaching people how to write and market

like he did. He was fired from the last job he ever held the

day before I was born and then took up copywriting. After his

first major runaway winner, the now famous Halbert's Inc. coat

of arms letter, he taught anyone who was interested how to write

copy. Copywriting was his life and felt a special kinship with

anyone else who also had an interest in it.

Much

later he charged those who could pay to learn from him, but

many who couldn't afford to pay him any substantial amount of

money would work it off in trade. They would simply hang out

with him and help him run his daily life. Some of them have

turned out to be some of the best copywriters in the entire

world and I am not just saying that. Their RESULTS really

PROVE they are top shelf copywriters.

Since

he devoted so much of his time teaching people to write copy

and obviously didn't always do it for the money, we just had

to leave the site up and will continue to help him be the institution

of learning how to write copy he always has been.

To

start, there are some newsletters we have which have never been

posted on the site before and are in fact .....

Rare

Newsletters

Written By The Gary Halbert Himself!

These

were written a very long time ago around the time when he worried

and fretted the most about the quality of his newsletter so

you know they are good. These are rarely seen classic newsletters

which exemplify him at his peak.

They

have to be retyped and put into Gary 's signature web format

of black print on a yellow background. We will get the first

one up very soon.

We

also decided to ask a few of the world-class copywriters Gary

taught and inspired if they would share stories and lessons

they learned from the Prince of Print himself and honor him

by giving away some of their most valuable insights and information

for free.

As

soon as the word got out that we were looking for a couple guest

writers many more of the world's best marketers and ad men offered

to share some of the secrets and tricks they learned from Gary

to make millions for themselves and their clients.

These

are some very heavy hitters in the field of direct marketing

who have agreed to be guest writers in honor of Gary and our

efforts to keep his legacy alive

We

had only one stipulation and that was there was to be NO FLUFF.

In other words they can't just post an example of one of their

winning ads or just give a long pitch to sell their marketing

courses.

They

all have to provide what Gary Halbert did ......

Powerful

Money Making Secrets

Absolutely FREE!

These

are the best of the best, top-shelf marketers who are highly

in demand because they hold records and many are so successful

they are booked solid for months. They are only doing this as

a favor to us and in memory of our father so their insider secrets

will only be available here at thegaryhalbertletter.com and

nowhere else in the world.

Others

who do have more info available will have links to their sites

and contact info but again we made them promise to provide top-notch

quality marketing lessons for free and it must be....

So

Hot They Charge Others

A Lot Of Money For The Same Info

We

can guarantee this because if it isn't great we won't post it.

It's that simple.

As

usual there will be no editing of colorful language because

my dad would ring our necks if we censored anything unless they

were saying something he completely disagreed with.

Which

brings us to yet another announcement. As guardians of his legacy,

we will remain available to set the record straight on all things

relating to Gary C. Halbert. There are people already claiming

to be close to him and others claim to work with him and some

may be telling the truth but it is amazing just how many people

are trying to cash in on his death by trying to pass themselves

off as "Gary Halbert Approved" copywriters.

Duty

and honor compel us to be available to verify any and all claims

to have known or worked with him and what stories are real and

which are just flat out wrong. We are the definitive source

on all things Gary Halbert. We worked with him since early childhood

and we know what he said behind closed doors and after he hung

up the phone.

So

feel free to e-mail and rely on us to separate fact from fiction.

Besides

teaching everyone who wished to learn how to write world class

copy, he and his website were also the hub of a network of marketing

people from copywriters and printers to entrepreneurs and investors.

I still know many of his contacts so if you need anything along

those lines feel free to e-mail us and we will help you out

if we can.

Onward...

My

favorite part of reading my dad's newsletters was the life lessons

he gave. They reminded me of the Boron Letters which is of course

my favorite gift of all time. Having them now means more to

me than ever and I know they meant a lot to many people. So

many in fact, when people who read my father's material found

out my name they would go on and on about how much the letters

meant to them as well.

For

those of you who also miss that life mentoring aspect of his

newsletters I have some more good news.

Since

my father passed away, I began re-reading the Boron Letters

again except this time with more of a sense that I wasn't the

only one reading them. Remember, these are actual letters my

dad wrote to me and there was no intention to publish copies

of the actual letters so I always read them as though they were

private letters from pop.

I

appreciated the Boron Letters long before my father passed away

and my father was very proud that I continued what he started

by writing letters to my own kids teaching them what I think

is valuable to know and things that are never taught in schools

or books.

It

is doubtful I will ever share those with the public as they

are written in the true Halbert (no bullshit) fashion and read

more like a confession or autobiography and I am not that comfortable

sharing them.

So

even though mine are off- limits as I said I have been re-reading

the Boron Letters with a slightly different perspective, and

I have found a ton of hidden lessons in them I realized were

lost on everyone else because he was writing to me and nobody

else. He would briefly tell a story or touch upon a topic I

was naturally expecting him to fully explain as he had in person

so many times, yet he didn't. This wasn't missing before because

I knew exactly what he was saying because of palling around

with him and being his son.

Then

it dawned on me that most readers would have missed some of

these finer points and lessons because at that time he wasn't

writing for everyone either. At the time they were written he

didn't plan on turning those exact pages he was writing into

a book.

So

I have begun re-reading the letters and making notes and comments

so that none of these hidden lessons in the Boron Letters are

lost. I am doing this for my own kids and since they are not

scandalous or personal to me.they will also be made available

for those of you who still wish for just a few more life lessons

from Gary Halbert.

Scott

Haines, a great friend of my pop's, told me my dad had a similar

idea for the same reasons and wanted to create a more complete

edition of the Boron Letters because he recognized the same

thing and had of course more updated information from a few

more decades as a legendary top copywriter.

Please

keep in mind we have busy lives and are only doing this to honor

our father so the new info will come out often but not on a

set schedule. We will always try to under promise and over deliver.

Last

time I wrote to announce that we would try to post the video

of our father's memorial service and videos from the wake held

afterwards at Sherry Hackett's home. We also said if we couldn't

do that we would give the first 100 who requested it a DVD copy

for free. We have decided to do both. You can now click on the

links below to view the video right away.

All

the best,

Bond

Halbert

PS John Carlton

was the obvious choice as the first guest writer and it is already

in the newsletter archive. Most of you already know he is a

marketing guru in his own right and one of Garys ' greatest

friends and is mentioned in many of Gary 's newsletters.

For those of you

who don't recognize the name just read what he put together

for the first post Gary newsletter and you will be an instant

fan.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2007 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights Reserved.

Friends of The Gary Halbert

Letter

Kevin's

Corner