SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/2011/hiringcopywriters.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:08
============================================================

How To Hire A Copywriter - by Kevin Halbert

“An Open Letter From Kevin Halbert To Anyone

Who Wants Or Needs To Hire A Great Copywriter"

If  you are looking to hire a copywriter... what you are about to read  might rub you the wrong way, but I believe in the end, you will come  to appreciate what I'm going to reveal to you, because very few  people talk about it in the naked light of day.

First.  let me start off by saying, the way I'm going to show you how to go  about hiring a copywriter is very close, if not exactly, how the  biggest players in direct response advertising structure their  business relationships. When I say players, I'm talking about ten and  hundred million dollar relationships.

And  the same should be true of entry level players, as you'll soon see.

A  copywriter is the rain maker.  He's that all important thread that  connects your products and services with your prospects and makes the  sale.

A  Good Product Doesn't Sell Its Self,

Even Viagra And Apple Advertise

Don't ever expect the public to appreciate your product the way you  do. Or that the world will flock to your door no matter what  copywriter you hire.

You  should view the copywriter as a hired gun, he's the one who brings in  the money for your accountant to count.

He  should be treated with the same respect as anyone who can actually  make it rain and...

There  is no such thing as a natural born copywriter!

It  takes years of experience to become truly world class,

and...

Every  great copywriter has something seriously wrong with him.

They  are obsessive masochists, consuming an endless amount of dry  information on copywriting, salesmanship and all manner of marketing.  Yet they eat it up and can't ever seem to get enough. Like a golfer,  they will live out their lives constantly perfecting their craft,  always persuing a lower score. They may be far ahead of the pack but  they won't stop until they shoot an 18... the learning never ends.

So  unless there is something seriously wrong with you, I would strongly  suggest that you are much better off hiring a copywriter than adding  more work to your already busy day and delaying your turn around time to  success.

If  you are relatively new to copywriting, it will cost you more in time  and lost revenue to study and write highly effective copy yourself.

And  as I'll soon prove to you, even if you do write profitable copy,  you'll kick yourself once you realize how much money you might be  leaving on the table if you had done things just a little bit  differently.

In  a minute, I will show you how just a modest increase in conversion  can more than double your profits. An increase so significant, it  would have easily paid for a top copywriter's fee and put more bottom  line money in your personal pocket than if you skipped hiring him and  kept all the money for yourself.

Finding  a copywriter is easy... very easy.

Finding  a great one is a whole different story.

Recently  I was invited into a $15,000.00 mastermind group and someone told me  they get their copywriting done by hiring people on fiverr.com . Just  in case you don't know, Fiverr is a site where you can hire people to  do tasks for $5... incredible. Anyone can write an ad, few can write  a good one, and even fewer can write a great one.

Warning:  When you hire a discount copywriter you are doing him a favor, because he is using your money  to test his copy.

Listen,  no copywriter can look you straight in the eye, and guarantee you  success. But if you are going to put your money down and take a spin,  what kind of odds do you want to have?

Personally,  I'd go for the machine that pays out more often than not.

I  really wouldn't want to take a chance on an unknown who might miss  the mark... making me ask myself if it was the ad or something else,  and wondering if I should give up pursuing it any further, when a   proven copywriter has a much better chance of knocking it out of the  park on the first try.

Contrary  to what you might think... just because you have money doesn't mean  good copywriters need you... no my friend... you need a good  copywriter to let you into his schedule. Sounds arrogant, it's just  the simple truth and there isn't much use in pussy footing around it.

Copywriters  sell their time, and good ones have more clients trying to hire them  than they have time, so when it comes to hiring one, the copywriter  must believe in the potential of the project and in most cases it  must have the potential to have a big front end and... even better...  a back end.

Because  great copywriters usually have a line of people willing to pay their  up front fee, they must choose wisely which client to take on. With  all things being equal (everyone willing to pay his fee) the  copywriter must now choose which client to take on. He is most likely  to base his decision on three factors.

The first  thing he is going to  factor is how much money does the project potentially offer him above  and beyond his fee. This includes how much of the gross profits the  client is willing to share (usually anywhere from 1%-5%, but it can  also vary greatly depending on things like profit margins and the  amount of work involved).

Think  about it. How would you choose your clients?

The  writer will also consider the "back end" potential of the  project, meaning is there a continued relationship with the client  where he can write additional copy to sell more products and  services to existing customers that he will also get a piece of.

It's  much easier to write additional copy for a project he's already  familiar with than trying to get up to speed on a new one.

The  other big factor is whether the copywriter likes the subject matter.  A copywriter may feel burnt out on a particular type of business,  others will prefer writing for the same types of business because  they already know what it takes to make sales.

TIP:

It's  best to choose a copywriter who has had success writing for a  particular niche and still loves writing about it. And never assume  because a copywriter wrote a winner for one product or service, they  can write a winner for another. Gary could write for just about any,  but that is rare.

Another  piece of advice:

Don't  tell a copywriter money is no object. That's a sure sign money is a  big object. And definitely don't tell him there is plenty of money  but its all tied up right now, and then ask him if they can look  past that and get started right away.

You  should be cautious of a copywriter who goes along with these kinds of  offers... it's a good sign he doubts his skills, and  knowingly or not, he is going to be using your money to test out his  theories.

The  most expensive copywriter is one that doesn't bring in the money, and discount copywriters are the ones most likely to charge you  the least for their services.

With  everything riding on your business, many times even the most  expensive copywriter, is the smallest risk and the most important  investment you can make.

Any  writer worth his salt is going to charge you 1/2 if not all of his  fee up front and require the remainder just before delivery of the finished copy.

Don't  expect a top copywriter to write for free for a larger part of the  back end, because your project is a sure winner and has  "a lot of potential." Never say  he'll get paid his up front fee later with the profits he generates  with his work. A  good copywriter has been around the block a time or two … and have  seen his share of “opportunities.” Please excuse the following  double negative... but. This is not to say that some copywriters  don't do something similar. Some A-List copywriters actually will  make this type of deal, but the copywriter is making A LOT more money  and is in such instances, is not being hired, but instead essentially  own's a piece of the business.

Paying  a copywriter up front shows him you are serious. And you want him to  insist on you paying him up front. It shows that he has confidence in  his abilities and will not waste his time on people who aren't  serious players.

The  highest paid copywriters in the world are paid by the people who  fully understand their true value. And, the companies who pay the  most money for copywriters make the most money in direct marketing...  period.

Richard  Stanton-Jones of Phillips Publishing once told Gary that nobody makes  more money in that company than the copywriters, except, for the  owner, Tom Phillips. The reason being: They are the ones that bring  in the money.

A  good copywriter knows his worth and any project can go tits up and  taking on water for a million different reasons. None of which are  under his control.  A copywriter's only assurance he is going to get  paid, is when he actually has the upfront money in his hands. Most  importantly, it allows him to focus all of his attention on the  project, and frees him up from wondering if he's going to get paid,  and if he shouldn't have put his time and attention into something  else.

If  a client doesn't have to pay up front, neither he nor the copywriter  feels a real obligation to follow through. A client who pays half up  front has to look deep inside himself and measure his conviction that  the project he is hiring the copywriter for is viable. It's easy to  kid yourself and others when you have nothing to lose. Money always  makes for a sober conversation.

Note:

Want  to know how to really piss off a copywriter? Don't run the ad  campaign he poured his heart and soul into. Like someone hired to  build a plane, even though he got paid, he wants to see that sucker  fly.

It  only makes sense that a copywriter will work a lot harder for the  client if he is getting a piece of the profits. Giving him a piece of  the profits motivates him to get you more clients and more sales... he works  harder to bring you more money so he can have a piece of it. Offering  a piece of the profits can motivate a copywriter to strive for  absolute perfection.

Think  about it, if you only pay a copywriter a flat fee, he only has to  sell one person... YOU.

All  he has to do is take your first payment... go write you some good  copy and come back to you with it to collect the other half.

And...  when it comes to you, he's preaching to the crowd. You believe in  what you are offering to the world with all of your being, and may  not recognize the seemingly subtle differences that make or break an  ad, website or other campaign.

How  well the copy works in the real world doesn't matter as much to him  if he knows he has already collected all the money he's ever going to  get.

Don't  get me wrong a good copywriter will work very hard to deliver you a  powerful ad... but they will lack the total obsession that  permeates every waking moment of their life.

This  brings me to another point. A copywriter who is getting a piece of  the profits is likely to "urge" you to do some things which  might make you feel uncomfortable. This could be anything from making  an extra long guarantee, using a headline with a very strong benefit.  Or the way his copy sells, makes you feel like he is going to ruin  your good reputation. I won't say you should give into everything the  copywriter asks of you, but I would suggest that you give until it  hurts.

Gary  Halbert wrote this about his relationship with John Carlton:

His  education with me included convincing famous celebrities to humiliate  themselves on camera for obscure ads... telling rooms full of  millionaire executives their ideas sucked (and making them like  it)... saving corporations from bankruptcy with campaigns we had to  whip up overnight (and then "con" the clients into running  the ads even though it ran against every fiber of their being).”  -Gary Halbert

One  of the biggest risks a client can take is to make decisions based on  their I.Q. , Education and Common Sense... instead of applying tested  and proven marketing techniques.

Moving on...

If  you are lucky... your copywriter is going to take a walk on you

Like  most human beings, all clients want the copy written yesterday. After  all, it's a very naked feeling to put the money out there and have to  sit and wait for the copy to come in. But patience is very important  when waiting for a copywriter to deliver the goods. The bulk of copy  isn't written at the table. A copywriter is working hardest when he  looks like he isn't working at all. All his hooks, headlines, closes,  story telling and "reasons why" come after he's absorbed a vast amount  of facts and information, and is now letting it percolate in his  mind. Flashes of brilliance come to him when he is doing such  mindless things as driving or taking a walk.

When  he first gets to writing, he will spill his guts onto the page and  walk away. He will walk away for an evening, a day, perhaps two. This  is a very important part of the process, because it allows him forget  a good deal of what he wrote and re-visit the copy with "fresh  eyes", giving him the chance to more clearly see if the copy  still makes sense from the perspective of a new reader. This is the  time when he will be able tell if he was following a natural flow and  thought process.

Another  key to writing copy is to have your ideal customers read the copy.  Input from customers can point out obvious flaws and omissions that  are hard for the writer and client (you) to identify, because both of  you are too close to the subject.

If  you want to speed the writing process along, provide the writer with  all the research he needs. This includes the competition’s marketing,  your past ads (and their results), research studies and books written  on the subject. Don't forget that the ad may be based on someone's  personal story. Tell him your story, your customers' story, the  inventor's story, the conspiracy story, the tragedy, the triumph. Give  him anything that might be even slightly relevant.

A  note on editing a copywriter's work. There is a famous story of when  my dad was told that an ad he wrote for a client failed. And my dad  asked the client to show him the ad they ran. Then he informed the  client that the ad they ran wasn't the ad he wrote, they had changed  it.

He  told them...

"You've  Spray Painted The Sistine Chapel" - Gary  Halbert

Another  common thing he used to say was...

"Don't  even change one fucking comma of my copy" - Gary  Halbert

David Ogilvy said...

"Any  fool can write a bad advertisement, but it takes

a  genius to keep his hands off a good one."

Copywriters are  brought in to do something not even a fraction of one percent of the  population can do. They are not interns or even employees, and  standing over their shoulder as they write, will quickly end the  relationship.

The best copywriter's  time is monopolized by clients who afford them the most creative  freedom, and the clients are very often richly rewarded for it. John  Carlton only agreed to write for the golf and self-defense markets  because they gave him carte blanche, and he blazed a trail for years  that the competition, taken by surprise, could only try to imitate in  a feeble attempt to keep up.

If  you and the copywriter have a difference of opinion on the direction  the promotion should take, don't dwell on it for too long. What you  should do at this point is run a meaningful A/B split test. That is, an apples for apples test (from the same  pool of names/prospects), comparing what you think is the best  approach against that of the copywriter's. Your test, if possible,  should be to a list of people no smaller than two thousand names  (1000 for your version and 1000 of the copywriter's suggestions).

As  the Legendary Claude Hopkins said:

"This  puts men on their mettle. All guesswork is eliminated.

Every  mistake is conspicuous. One quickly loses his conceit by learning

how  often his judgment errs – often nine times out of ten."

When  the copywriter is in for a piece of the action he is less likely to  shine you on, and is more likely to persuade you to operate  within the realm of reality, and do what actually works. You  may look at him all the time wondering whose side is he on. But when  the money comes tumbling in you'll look upon him as one of the most  valuable business relationships you have, and see him for the rain  maker he truly is.

There's a very important hazard you must be careful about when working with a  copywriter, it is a common mistake a few business owners make. You  see, after a copywriter creates a winning campaign and everything is  humming along nicely, after some time has passed, someone will come  up to you and ask you why you are still sending money to someone  who did work for you over a year ago. And you'll start to wonder  yourself, and you'll forget he doesn't work for you, he works with  you. And unless he's written an ad like "The Lazy Man's Way to  Riches" the promotion is eventually going to die and you are  going to have to either create an updated promotion, go after a  different 3%, sell to a new market entirely, or get a job.

(I'm  going to tell you about the 3% shortly).

Short  changing a copywriter will always get out in the back channels.You  would not believe how quickly this chain of communication works.

A  copywriter will never tell a potential client they know of their bad  reputation, and would rather write for the competition. The  copywriter won't give them a clue about what they know or where they  heard it. They will simply avoid them. They will suddenly be too busy  to fit the client into their schedule or just won't pick up the  phone. Leaving the client with only B-List copywriters to choose  from, copywriters who will be glad to use their client's money and  time to test their copy.

Don't  be like some, and become a one hit wonder. Take care of your  copywriter... he takes care of you. The reverse is also true, if a  copywriter stiffs a client and leaves him high and dry, the world will  know.

OK,  as promised I'm going to show how an increase in response from 1% to  1.3% can, in some cases, more than double your profits.

Let's  do some arithmetic Gary Halbert style.

With  most paid advertising the product or service owner pays someone to  get people's attention and direct it towards your product or service.  The person pointing potential customers in your direction is going to  charge you on a "PER" basis.

Per:

Month

Circulation

Letter  mailed

Endorsement

Name

Sale

Click

Inquiry

Impression

Flyer

(even  search engine optimization has it's costs)

The  very important math any good direct response marketer measures is the  ROI (Return On Investment). And obviously NET PROFIT.

What  you are trying to measure is how much money you had to spend on  advertising and how much money you got back in return after expenses.

(By  the way this is why info products are what everyone wants to sell.  Because it costs little to nothing to reproduce and deliver.)

Let's  say you spend $1,000 to advertise your product to 1000 people and you  convert 1% of those people into buyers of your $200 product.

1%  of 1000 people = 10 (customers)

10  customers X your product ($200) = $2,000

That  means for every dollar you spend on marketing you are taking in two.  Now for this example that extra dollar you got back isn't pure  profit. You have costs (also known as contribution to overhead), whatever they may be.

Where  was I, oh yeah, OK so we've taken in an extra dollar for everyone  we've sent out, but again that extra dollar isn't pure profit we've  got costs such as:

Web  Hosting

Product  production

Shipping

Merchant  account fees

E-mail  delivery

Pay  Per Click

Pay  Per Impression

Letter  shop costs

customer  service

Rent

Payroll

etc.

And  the list can go on ad nauseum. But for simplicity sake lets just say  when all is said and done it costs you $75 to service each of those  10 customers. That means those ten customers cost $750 total in  delivering whatever we have sold them.

Let's  see where we're at. We took in $2,000 total after spending $1,000.  And we've got $750 in fulfillment.

On  paper that looks like

$2,000 Gross income

-$1,000  Initial Advertising Investment

=$1,000  left over

Now  we've got $750 in fulfillment, so that looks like

$1,000

-$750

=  $250 profit

That  is, for every $1,000 we spent we took in $2,000 gross. But what  really matters is we made $250 profit.

Put  another way. For every $1 we spent we made 25 cents (25% net profit).

Now  let's imagine we call in our rock star copywriter and he ups  response to a measly 1.3%, copywriters have routinely been known to  up conversion several hundred percent. But that entirely depends on  how bad the copy was to begin with.

Lets  get back to that puny .3% increase in response. Truth be told the  copywriter is increasing response by 30%

That  means we are now getting a 1.3% customer conversion rate.

The  key point to remember here is we are still only paying $1000 and we  are now getting 13 people to buy instead of only 10.

Lets  see how it looks on paper now.

13  customers X $200 (purchase price) = $2,600

Now  that's not all profit, we still need to deduct the cost of the  product and fulfillment like we did last time.

13 customers

X  $75  (product cost & fulfillment)

= $975

Ok  lets see where we're at with this new 1.3% response rate.

Now  we are taking in $2,600 gross instead of only $2,000.

But  $1,000 was spent on advertising so that works out like this:

$2,600 Gross Income

-$1,000 Advertising

$1,600 Gross Profit

Now  we have to deduct the cost of the product and fulfillment, so:

$1,600   Gross Profit

-$975  Fullfillment Costs

$625   Net Profit

Ok,  so for the same $1,000 spent we are now making $625 Net Profit

Another  way to say it is, for every dollar spent you not only got your dollar  back but you also covered all of your costs and made 62.5 cents left  over (a 62.5% profit for the same one thousand dollars invested).

Now  in the first example we made $250 over the advertising and  fulfillment costs for a net profit of 25 cents (25% profit) for every  dollar invested.

That  means if a copywriter can boost your conversion rate by just .3%, an  increase of (a 30 percent  increase in gross sales) it would, in this  case, more than double your profits. to be more precise it would  increase your profits by 250%.

Well,  not exactly, because you are a smart cookie and you've thought ahead  and you want your star copywriter to take your call while he's off on  a year long tour of the world, trying to regain his sanity. So you've  been kind and generous enough to give him 5% of gross sales. That  means he is going to receive $130.00 for every $2,600 you take in.

Ok,  yet again, let's see where we're at. So the copywriter bumped up  response by 30%. Instead of making $250 for our luke warm copy we are  now making $650, but we are paying him $130 in commissions. So now we  are down to $520, (still more than double our profit!).

Truth  be told you would actually make more than 200% profit because some of  the monthly costs involved with product fullfillment are fixed, like rent, web  hosting, and in some cases customer service. These costs don't  increase considerably when you increase sales. This is why monthly turn  around speed is so important.

It  also proves that the longer you take figuring out how to write the  best copy, the more money you leave on the table.

Now  if you are nit picky, when it comes to calculating your profits from  writing your own copy compared to hiring an A-List pro, you've  probably not forgotten about the up front fee. Truth be told, neither  have I. In the beginning the upfront fee feels very significant, but  when you are up and running with a hot campaign it becomes  increasingly smaller in the distance.

When  you are in the middle of a hot campaign all you will be able to think  about is how, for every dollar you send out, a $1.50 net profit comes  back, and you will be solely focused on trying to turn the crank  faster and faster.

The  icing on the cake. Now not only are you growing your business at an  exponential rate, but now you are also packing 30% more people on to  your customer list. Any savvy marketer will tell you it costs you  literally ten times as much to sell something to a new customer than  to an existing one. All things being equal, you should pick a  business venture that has a larger back end. And in businesses  that  have enduring relationships with their customers, most of the  money isn't made on the first sale.

Now  you can see how small increases in conversion can lead to huge  increases in profit.

This  is the simple secret that every successful direct response  marketer knows. And it is why they NEVER STOP TESTING.

That's  because they know seemingly small changes can make a big difference  to their bank account. And especially when you've got a finite list  of HOT LINE leads, you want to make the most of your marketing to  them.

As  I said before, the biggest mailers pay the most for copywriters,  because ultimately, even after they pay the copywriters their fees  and royalties, the clients make more money FOR THEMSELVES in the end.

Another  way of putting it is to say...

Great  Copywriters Sell You Money At A Discount!

So,  what makes a great copywriter?

It's  not how much YOU like him or his work. It's their ability to  effectively communicate with your prospects.

In  most cases you are not your customer, and  relatively speaking, all ads fail when they are selling to new  prospects. What I mean by this is that if an ad converted 3% of the  prospects to a sale, that means 97% percent (the vast majority)  didn't buy.

It's  like panning for gold. And identifying this 3% of your prospects, and  knowing what makes them different.... is EVERYTHING!

A  great copywriter is able to do what I call....GETTING IN PARALEL...  with the customer. A more common way of putting it is... getting in  his shoes... or ..... getting in his head. That means knowing how he  lives...where he's been... where he wants to go... and what he  believes... in order to "speak his language" the language  of the 3%.

That  means knowing what a potential customer needs to hear in order to be  sold and how it needs to be said.

Does  your copywriter understand your customers?

Can he get in their shoes  and speak their language?

Do  you know what good copy looks like?

Here's a simple test... take your  ad and show it to some ideal prospects and ask them what they think  of it. If they say its a "good" , "great" or "OK"  ad... it has failed miserably, and they are only giving you lip  service.

A good ad makes the reader say...

“Wow, where can I buy  that!”

A  good ad produces sales not compliments or awards.

This  is no easy task and shouldn't be taken lightly. Remember I said in  most cases you aren't your customer. To prove  it to you, I want you  to do me a favor. I want you to imagine calling up your customers and  striking up a conversation with them, and after you start to get a  feel for who they are, I want you to imagine how many of them you  would be willing to spend the weekend alone with. Probably not many.

But  knowing why you wouldn't spend much personal time with them can help  you understand your customer better. To young, too old, male, female,  single, married, religious, atheist, lazy, greedy, political, smart,  stupid, living in the moment, thinking long term, lonely, in love,  thin, fat, insecure, giant ego, competitive, charitable, city  slicker, hillbilly, country, classical, rock and roll, and on  and on.

Many  smart marketers reach out to their customers to understand them on a  deeper level, and in the end it really pays off.

A  good copywriter understands the customer and just how to TALK (write)  to them.

I  digress...

The  most important indicator of a great copywriter is how much money his  ads make compared to others, perhaps someone else you've hired before  who only got mild results .

There are a lot of writers who will talk  of their runaway blockbuster ad campaigns that brought in an  avalanche of cash, when in reality, they wouldn't recognize a good ad  if it bit them on the ass, let alone be able to write one.

The  other way to know who is a good copywriter is to be well connected in  the business to those in the know, who would never ruin their own  good reputation endorsing a nobody just because the  novice copywriter is a nice guy.

And  lastly, great copywriters usually have years of experience studying  great copy that speaks to the target audience.

If  you are interested in hiring Bond or myself to write your copy for you. Or you would like us to help you find a copywriter, because you have no way to confirm  a copywriter's abilities; aren't well connected in the  business, or can't tell the subtle differences between mediocre and  great copy, write or call us and we'll be glad to try and help you out.

Peace,

Kevin  Halbert

The  Prince's Prince of Print

(323)816-7859

[email protected]

PS

Beware of copywriters that have a college education in advertising or  marketing. 99% of people teaching college students don't know a thing  about real world direct marketing, and shouldn't be allowed to teach  others theory. No successful direct marketer would ever encourage an up and  commer to get their marketing education at a traditional  college. And a guy wearing a cheap suit and a toupee who repeatedly shows up on late night  infomercials will outsell any professor of marketing with a doctorate  from the most prestigious college in the country.

You  are much better off hiring a professor from the psychology department  or a pick-up artist... I'm not kidding.

Click Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2011 Nomax Publishing Inc  All Rights

Reserved.