SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/aakk_you_cant_know.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:36
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

W-A-Y West of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

I used to drink a lot of beer.

Not anymore. In fact, I don't drink anything

alcoholic at all these days except for an occasional shot of

Nyquil when I've got the sniffles and can't sleep. It's a

shame in a way. Sitting in a seaside bar sipping brew after

brew and watching the boats go by was very pleasurable. But

alas, I got to where the fun of drinking simply wasn't worth

the hangovers I had to endure.

Poor me.

Oh well, I supposed there's worse things in

life than not being able to drink.

And besides, booze made me do dumb things.

Really dumb.

Like this: Once upon a time (circa 1970) I was attending a

seminar near Baltimore that was being given by a company

called DUALABS or DUOLABS -- I can't remember exactly. Anyway,

the subject of the seminar was how direct marketers could

obtain the demographic info that was then being gathered by

the 1970 census and how they could use that info to help them

sell their goods or services.

Of all the organizations in attendance at that

seminar, the one that sent the most people was...

The Republican Party

Yea verily, they were there to learn how to

use that census info to help elect all those slimebags they

had managed to get on the ballot. Well, I've got to tell you

something: I do not like

politicians. None of them. Democrats. Republicans.

Independents. You can have them all. It is my belief that it

is virtually impossible to go anywhere at all in politics and

arrive there with your ethics intact. Politics is

compromise...

A Compromise Of Ethics!

Many of you will agree with what I've just

written. Almost. You'll agree except for the candidate you

support who is, you believe, an exception.

You are wrong. The only difference is that the

guy you support hasn't revealed his scumminess just yet.

Trust me on this. Anyway, so now that you know

where I'm coming from, perhaps the rest of this story will

make more sense. So, there I am at this

"confidential" census data seminar and I get invited

to a cocktail party one evening. Most of the seminar people

including all those mucky mucks from the Republican party are

there. I make conversation. I drink. I talk some more. I

drink.

And so on. And so it comes to pass that one of

the politicians asks me if I've ever done any political work.

"I

wouldn't think of it," I reply.

"Why

not?" asks the slimebag.

"Because,"

I say, "I don't

think a politician could lose if a I worked for him and I

wouldn't want that responsibility."

They began to snicker. They thought I was a

joke. "Oh

yeah," one of them says condescendingly, "why

don't you tell us how you'd do it so a candidate couldn't

lose? We'd just love to hear that!"

And so I did. Like I said, I was drinking. I'd

had just enough to be garrulous but not enough to stop me from

being lucid. I told them how I'd:

t

t

t

t

enter

all data on every zip code in the U.S. into a computer

and

how I'd massage that data to enable the computer to

kick out groups of zip codes with similar

characteristics

and how I'd

overlay that info with all the data from the voter

registration lists that had been computerized

and

how I'd feed into this database all sorts of other

info from all sorts of other sources.

The slimes were paying attention now. Most of

this was new to them and they were eager to learn it all. And

then I told them how...

I'd Create A Full Print

Computer Letter That Would

Be Individualized To Every Person

On That List Based On

What My Research Revealed

To Be His Or Her Particular

Hot Buttons!

In other words, the racist pig in Georgia

would get a totally different "pitch" than the

ghetto welfare recipient in Newark.

"And

I'd 'customize' the TV and radio commercials too," I

told them. "Each geographic cluster with similar characteristics could get the

exact 'electronic pitch' most likely to fire up the greed

glands of the voters in that particular area and make them

vote for my guy."

"Who

would your guy be?" they asked. "What

would he be like?"

"He'd

be almost a non-entity," I said. "Somebody

who was bland, homogenous and easy to manipulate. Someone who

would do what he was told, who would stay on his marks. No

blacks. No Jews. No radicals. Somebody who I could insulate

from the public by making sure all his remarks were pre-canned!"

Sound like anybody you know?

Shame on me. The Republicans have, for almost

20-years, followed every shred of advice I gave them. And

they've made tremendous gains while the Demos lose ground

almost every year. Why? It's simple...

Politicians Are Not Elected,

They Are Sold And The

Democrats Are Lousy

Marketers!

As I understand it, the Demos have been using

quasi-mainstream agencies like Rapp & Collins while the

much shrewder Republicans use real

marketing experts like Richard Viguerie.

And, you know what? This is one of the few

instances when I'm sorry that 20 minutes of drunken advice

from Sir Gary of Halbert is worth more than 18 years of

misdirection from mainstream agencies peopled by marketing

morons. You know, the Demos don't even know what to promise!

They blather on about the environment, international diplomacy

and "concepts" when, in fact...

Americans (In Spite Of

What They "Pretend") Never

Vote Anything Except

Their Pocketbooks!

Whatever. Listen: This letter is very

deliberately being sent to you the day before the presidential

election. Therefore, by the time you read it, George Bush will

be the president elected. Dukakis never had a chance. Whomever

is handling his campaign has made so many stupid mistakes it

makes me wonder if maybe they are secretly working for the

Republicans.

Aw nuts, who cares anyway? As my late friend,

Freddy Maughiman, used to say when explaining why he didn't

vote...

"I

Can't Stop Them From

Stealing My Money But I'm

Damned If I'll Voluntarily Let

Them Steal My Time!"

Now, let's

boogie. Last month I gave you 50 titles of 50 proposed reports

and asked you to pick the 10 winners and the 10 losers. OK, I

don't know the answers yet except that #9 is one of the

winners and I know that because Robert Allen told me so and

then I told him I didn't want to know the other winners (or

losers) till I took the test myself. So, now I've taken the

test and here are my picks including #9 which I would have

picked anyway.

WINNERS:

2,

8, 9, 10, 13,

15, 25, 37, 46, 49

LOSERS:

18,

24, 26, 33, 34,

43, 44, 45, 48, 50

Let's see how I did. May I have the envelope

please? Ah, there is it and the real

answers are:

WINNERS:

28,

9, 43, 6, 42,

3, 20, 39, 25, 2

LOSERS:

34,

19, 18, 5, 4,

29, 31, 33, 23, 26

Which means I got 3 of the winners and 4 of

the losers.

Geez, I'm rather sorry I started all this.

This sucks. My guru status is in real jeopardy. All I can hope

for now is that some of my readers are as hopeless as me. I am

now going to go through all the entries and see who won.

Back in a little.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Hey, here I am again and I've got a big smile

on my face! Why? Simply because...

Nobody Did Great!

In fact, every single "marketing"

person (like myself) did just awful. In fact, one of the best

marketing minds in the U.S. didn't guess a single

winner. Zero. Zilch. And whom might that be? Why it's none

other than my good friend...

Frank Cawood

Hey, Frank, isn't it wonderful to have a

"friend" like me? A "friend" who, when you

enter his contest and fail to guess a single winner, he

trumpets that sad fact from coast-to-coast? And in many

foreign countries? Lordy, won't this do wonders for your

image?

Fear not for Frank.

I'm only kidding him because he's big enough

to take it. (Plus, the fact I'm so relieved to have someone do

worse than me.) I'll put Frank's marketing abilities up

against just about anyone's. Because, he knows and I know and

every good marketing man already

knows that, the main lesson of this issue is...

You Can't Know That

You Don't Know!

A dumb marketing guy gets an assignment; the

first move he makes is he goes into splendid isolation and,

while mentally tramping around in his creative woods, he tries

to "dream up" answers. He guesses.

Just like you and I've been doing on those 50

titles. Except that, you and I haven't been so dumb (or

irresponsible) to ask a client to back our guesses with his

hard-earned money.

No. You see, what you and I have been doing is

playing a harmless game.

And, the loser - if there is a loser is ol' Frank C. who got

none of the winners right.

Poor Frank.

Hold your tears. You see, even though a guy

like Frank may lose at a game like this of little consequence,

he manages to win and win big when it comes to the major

league game of real

business. Because then, he

does not guess. He tests. Everything. Copy appeals.

Headlines. Price. Publications. Position. Etc.

And That's Why Poor

Old Frank Sells Millions

Of Books To Millions

Of People And

Rakes In Millions

Of Dollars!

Let's say you ask a "creative type"

to help you hype a drug store. Do you think he could ever

guess what's the most profitable item in your store?

Toothpaste? Shampoo? Magazines? Prescriptions? Could you

guess?

I couldn't. You see, the most profitable,

hottest selling item in drugstores comes in a little green and

white box and it's called:

The Fleet Enema!

Now tell me: How could you know that

without knowing?

Another example of a guy who does not know to

whom he markets: He gets this idea for a machine that you blow

into and it tells you your alcohol level. What he figures on

is putting this gismo in bars where the patrons will use it to

see if they've had too much to drink.

Trust me, that man didn't know drunks. Not at

all. Want to know why you don't see that gismo in bars? It's

simple...

The Drunks Used

It As A Contest Machine

To See Who Could Get

The Highest Number!

You're in real estate and one of your houses

needs to be painted. Could you have guessed that the very best

color would be yellow? Yup, it's true; yellow has more

"curb appeal" for a house than any other color. Why?

Who knows? But the point is, you couldn't have guessed that, now could you?

And, it's real dumb to assume things when,

with a little effort, you can really know

the answers. By the way, you know what you do when you assume

things?

You Make An ASS

Of U And ME!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

AKA "Hangover Halbert"

P.S.

By the way, only 3 people (Harry Englert, J. L. West and

Jack Flanagan) were able to guess even 5 of the 10 winners

and the winner of my

contest is Harry Englert because he also got 6 of the

losers!

P.P.S.

I don't like

this issue of my newsletter. As I reread it, it seems

to me it's not up to my usual standards. Too much

preaching. Too much blowing off of steam. Too little

hard info.

Nuts. I've been writing this letter for more than 2

years and this is the second time I've felt this way.

And, since I don't charge for that which I am not

totally proud...

This Issue Is Free!

I've extended Harry Englert's

subscription by 13 months for winning the contest and

the rest of you I'm extending for 1-month because...

I'm Not A Politician!

P.P.P.S.

Do you have

anything good to say about me? Would you be willing to

say it in front of a TV camera? Soon? Please let me

know ASAP! Thanks.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.