SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/ac_interesting_facts.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:43
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Most good direct response copywriters

have a "swipe file" of headlines, bullet points, sales letters,

reply envelopes, coupons, etc.

But what most copywriters don't realize is, they

should also have a swipe file of...

Interesting Facts!

I'm going to start the rest of this newsletter

by telling you some interesting facts... and then... I am going

to show you how you can use interesting facts to make a lot

of money.

OK, here are 12 interesting facts:

If Jell-O is hooked up to an EEG, it registers movements

virtually identical to the brain waves of a healthy adult.

On average, a Twinkie will explode in a microwave in 45

seconds.

100 shares of McDonald's stock worth $2,250 when it was

first offered in 1965 was worth more than 1.4 million dollars

30 years later in 1995.

The original package of M&M's contained brown, yellow, orange,

red, green and violet colored candies. The red ones were taken

out of the mix in 1976. This is no tbecause they contained

red dye #2. It was because company officials were afraid customers

would think it did contain that dye..

The dollar sign is a combination of the letters "P" and

"S", which is the abbreviation for pesos which was the principle

coin in circulation in the United States until 1794. After

that, we began marketing our own dollars.

Most American currency contains micro-printed messages to

prevent counterfeiting; for example, on the $1 bill, there

is an owl in the upper left hand corner of the numeral "1"

and a spider hidden in the upper right.

The phrase "United States of America" is camouflaged within

the label of Benjamin Franklin's jacket on the newer $100

bill.

A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.

The man who commissioned the Mona Lisa refused it.

Sunglasses were first worn in 15th century China. They were

used by judges to conceal their expressions while presiding

over court.

Erich Segal, the author of "Love Story" was also one of

the screenwriters of "Yellow Submarine".

In the movie, "It Happened One Night" Clark Gable peeled

a raw carrot with a pen knife and then munched upon it as

he attempted to teach Claudette Colbert how to hitchhike.

That scene inspired Warner Brothers to give Bugs Bunny his

signature carrot chomp.

According to the film's animators, you'll see 6,649,952

black spots every time you watch the movie "101 Dalmations".

All those facts came out of a little book by David

Hoffman titled "Who Knew?" and subtitled "Things You

Didn't Know About Things You Know Well". There are many

other interesting facts in this little book and I highly recommend

you get it and add it to your library.

Of course there are hundreds of books containing

interesting facts at your local bookstore. Almanacs are the

first that come to mind. But, there are many others and you

should have a collection of them.

One of the primary ways to use interesting facts

in your copy is to use them to segue into your selling message.

"Segue" basically means "making a smooth transition from one

part of a presentation to another". Remember the formula for

sales success is AIDA. Attention, Interest,

Desire and Action.

That means, most of your sales letters should

contain a printed headline to catch Attention.

The headline should be followed by a salutation

and then something interesting which captures the readers's

Interest.

And then, of course, you go on to whet his Desire

for what you are selling.

Finally, you motivate him to Action to buy it.

Now, let's have a little fun. I'm going to take

those interesting facts and use them in a way that segues into

a selling message. Here we go:

Dear Friend,

If Jell-O is hooked up to an EEG, it

registers movements virtually identical to the brain waves

of a healthy adult.

I mention this because I just returned

from a seminar of so-called "web master experts". And

I think if you hooked-up their brains to an EEG machine,

their brain waves would be inferior to the brain waves

of plain, ol' Jell-O.

It seems to me, none of them knew anything

of real value about enhancing website profits. Like the

few secrets I am about to reveal in this letter:

You might

use this verbiage to sell a course on increasing website

profits

Dear Friend,

On average, a Twinkie will explode

in a microwave in 45 seconds.

This is, I believe, less time than

it takes for a prospect to go ballistic when he or she

is put on hold or into "voicemail hell". Only stupid marketers

allow this to happen. If you sell anything that people

can order by phone, you need to know about some of the

secrets in my new book called "17 Magic Ways To Turn

Incoming Telephone Calls Into Massive Amounts Of Money".

An obvious

intro for a book promoting proper telephone salesmanship

Dear Friend,

100 shares of McDonald's stock worth

$2,250 when it was first offered in 1965 was worth more

than 1.4 million dollars 30 years later in 1995.

That sounds great, doesn't it? But,

if you had held on to those same 100 shares for another

eight or nine years, you would find them to be worth only

$2,478. This is an excellent illustration of why timing

in the stock market is everything.

For a book

or course on investing in stocks

Dear Friend,

The original package of M&M's contained

brown, yellow, orange, red, green and violet colored candies.

The red ones were taken out of the mix in 1976. This is

not because they contained red dye #2. It was because

company officials were afraid customers would think it

did contain that dye.

This illustrates the fact that very

often people's perception of what is true is more important

than what is actually true. That's why you need to read

my new book titled "The Secrets Of How Successful People

Look, Dress And Act".

Obviously,

a pitch for a book teaching how to look and act like a

success

Dear Friend,

The dollar sign is a combination of

the letters "P" and "S", which is the abbreviation for

pesos which was the principle coin in circulation in the

United States until 1794. After that, we began marketing

our own dollars.

Right now, a real peso (used as Mexican

currency) is only worth about nine American cents. And

you know what? Most Americans earn so little compared

to what they should be earning... they might as well be

getting paid in pesos.

And that's a shame because, with just

a few simple secrets, anyone with average intelligence

can increase their income dramatically. Here's how...

For a product

teaching people how to make more money

Dear Friend,

Most American currency contains micro-printed

messages to prevent counterfeiting; for example, on the

$1 bill, there is an owl in the upper left hand corner

of the numeral "1" and a spider hidden in the upper right.

That's all very interesting but, you

know what? Most Americans have to spend their money so

quickly after they get paid, they have zero time to examine

their cash for interesting little embedded images and

messages. And that's because most Americans are living

from paycheck to paycheck... when... they could easily

be making more money than they ever dreamed possible.

Another

good way to start a sales letter about a product that

teaches people how to make more money

Dear Friend,

A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.

Even though that may be interesting,

a dime won't buy you much these days. On the bright side,

I've got a book containing 150 pages which costs only

a dime per page... but... each one of those pages reveals

another remarkable secret about making more money than

any sane person could possibly spend!

Yet another

way to start a pitch that has something to do with your

" money-making product

Dear Friend,

The man who commissioned the Mona Lisa

refused it.

That man was just one of the millions

of people who know the price of everything... and... the

value of nothing.

He reminds me of the people who think

they are getting a bargain when they buy a cheap air purifier.

Actually, it's just the opposite. They are NOT getting

a bargain. You see, after you factor in the extra cost

of electricity to run an inferior air purifier... and...

the fact it doesn't work well at all to keep people free

from impurities that set off allergic and asthmatic reactions...

it's not a bargain at all. It's just down-right cheap.

That's why I want to tell you a few

facts about the new ionic air purifier sold by Sharper

Image.

For a sales

pitch for the ionic air purifier... which is, by the way...

a great product.

Dear Friend,

Sunglasses were first worn in 15th

century China. They were used by judges to conceal their

expressions while presiding over court.

That reminds me of a very important

fact you should know when you are negotiating to buy something:

The more interested a person is about buying something,

the less excited they will try to look about wanting

to buy it.

In my new course, "Negotiating Yourself

To Wealth" I reveal...

For a book

on negotiating tactics.

Dear Friend,

Erich Segal, the author of "Love Story"

was also one of the screenwriters of "Yellow Submarine".

That's not as surprising as you might

think. You see, a really good writer can write equally

well on a multiplicity of subjects. And good novelists

usually come from a background of non-fiction book writing

or newspaper and magazine reporting. These are people

who learned in their previous occupations (writing for

another medium) how to keep readers interested in their

message.

But don't worry, even if you never

wrote a newspaper article, short story or novel in your

life, my new copywriting course will teach you...

For a product

on how to write better copy.

Dear Friend,

In the movie, "It Happened One Night"

Clark Gable peeled a raw carrot with a pen knife and then

munched upon it as he attempted to teach Claudette Colbert

how to hitchhike. That scene inspired Warner Brothers

to give Bugs Bunny his signature carrot chomp.

This just goes to prove you never know

where a jackpot idea is going to come from.

But, there are ways to turn your mind

into a high frequency antenna which is virtually always

alert for facts and ideas that can be turned into a financial

goldmine. Let me explain...

For a product

which has something to do with money making.

Dear Friend,

According to the film's animators,

you'll see 6,649,952 black spots every time you watch

the movie "101 Dalmations".

I don't have to watch that movie to

see black spots before my eyes. All I have to do is listen

to John Carlton attempt to make an interesting speech

on marketing and my vision blurs and I start to hallucinate.

That's because I see the correct way

to market things so much more clearly than John... that...

when he's speaking, it scrambles my mind.

That's not

true, of course. John's a great teacher of marketing.

But it would be an interesting way to have a little fun

and for me to start one of my

newsletters, wouldn't it?

All right. That should be enough for you to get

the idea. Now I'm going to give you some more interesting facts

and I'm going to suggest YOU use these facts to lead your readers

into a selling message just as I have done in the above examples.

This first one is a doozy. It's NOT from the book

I mentioned earlier but, believe it or not, it is true.

If you can use this interesting fact to start a selling

message, I would be very interested in seeing what you came

up with. Remember, the idea is not to come up with something

cute... but... to come up with something that is valid and will

lead to a sale. Anyway, here's the first of the interesting

facts I want you to work with:

a)

There is a small Roman Catholic church in Murtosa in Northern

Portugal and it is the only Roman Catholic church where

it is acceptable to drop your trousers so everyone in the

church can see your naked rear end. The reason? The local

saint, St. Gonacalo (a colorful 13th century priest) has

a reputation for curing hemorrhoids. All you have to do

is show up at the church, show his statue the affected region,

say a prayer and, according to the locals, the pain disappears.

And

here's 14 other interesting facts for you to work with:

b)

The

ostrich cannot fly but it can outrun a race horse.

c)

An ostrich's

eye is bigger than its brain.

d)

The studio

that made the movie "Casa Blanca" expected the movie to

be a box office disaster. So they kept the budget of the

film so low, the plane used in the background of the final

scene was a small cardboard cutout. To give it the illusion

of being full sized, the producers hired midgets to portray

the crew who prepared it for take off.

e)

Marilyn

Monroe developed her signature walk by hacking off the heel

of one shoe.

f)

If you

ever see the name "Alan Smithee" in the credits of a movie,

it means the real director considered the movie so crummy,

he didn't want his or her real name to be used.

g)

The stabbing

sound the knife in the movie "Psycho" made is actually the

sound of a knife stabbing a melon.

h)

Tigers

have striped skin, not just striped fur.

i)

The number

of cricket chirps you can hear in 15 seconds plus 37 will

tell you the current air temperature.

j)

Panama

hats are actually made in Ecuador.

k)

"Stewardesses"

is the longest word in the English language that can be

typed using only your left hand.

l)

In the

Batman comic books, only Batman and Robin live in the Wayne

Mansion. In the Batman movies however, an elderly woman,

Aunt Harriett, also lives there. This is because producers

fear two bachelors and a butler living together might make

people think they have homosexual overtones.

m)

The smell

of Crayola crayons is so familiar, it is one of the most

20 recognized scents to adults. It ranks up there with coffee

and peanut butter. The smell of Crayola crayons is so soothing,

that sniffing them has been proven to lower blood pressure.

n)

The name

"Atari" was chosen so customers who bought their products

would think it was based in Japan. It was actually based

in Northern California.

o)

On the average,

we forget 80% of what we learn on any given day.

Okay students, start writing your own sales letters.

Remember to begin with "Dear Friend". Then, make the intro paragraph

one of the Interesting Facts you've just read. That will be

followed by the second paragraph which is your segue into your

sales letter. That's your homework for this month. And shame

on you if you don't get right down to it.

Now, I'd like to finish up some "housekeeping"

details:

First, many of you want to know how to order my

book "The Boron Letters". That book is featured in the newsletter

inside the envelope icon called "Disaster Insurance". In that

letter, I told you how to get my book by calling a voicemail

phone number. Unfortunately, when I initially put that newsletter

up on my website, I had the wrong voicemail number. But, that

issue has since been corrected. I suggest you skim through "Disaster

Insurance" again... and... if you would like to have a copy

of "The Boron Letters" (which contain perhaps the most concise

and valuable direct marketing lessons ever printed between two

covers) call the correct number, which happens to be (305) 866-3613.

You know, I receive a barrage of e-mails every

day asking me what books and courses I recommend on marketing.

So, starting with my next newsletter, near the end of each issue

I am going to enclose a link you can click on to learn about

another direct marketing information product that I enthusiastically

recommend.

Now here's something else: I've developed a minor

obsession with having a high Alexa ranking. A major part of

the Alexa ranking is how much traffic goes to your website on

a daily basis. So, I want to have a lot of people going to my

site every day and here's what I'm going to do: Every day (right

after I publish the next edition of this newsletter), I am going

to send everybody on my mailing list a one-line e-mail message

saying something like "Click here for today's Halbertism". These

will be pearls of wisdom. Some created by me, some "pinched"

from other people or books, some inspirational, some just funny,

and so on. But the idea is to give you a way to start your day

with a bit of knowledge, inspiration or humor to enrich your

life.

If you don't like this idea and don't want to

receive e-mails about my precious Halbertisms, please let me

know via e-mail to [email protected]

before I write my next newsletter.

OK, that's it for this issue. I, for one, am extremely

happy 2003 has come to an end. I truly wouldn't want to live

it over again.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"Student of Facts for

Fun and Profits"

P.S.

Please don't forget to re-read "Disaster Insurance".

I consider it to be one of the most important pieces

of writing ever written.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2004 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights Reserved.