SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/ac_money.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:45
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

A good man has died.

His name is Bobby. And, in this letter,

I am not going to write very much about him. Perhaps I will

in a future newsletter. But, not now.

That's because right now I feel I'm too close

to the subject of his death to write about it. I met him a few

times but, I can't say I was really ever close to him. However,

I am very close to one of his daughters. That would be my #1

Assistant, Theresa.

I've had some experience with people who have

had terminal cancer.

In his case, I didn't expect he would live long

enough to see his granddaughter's wedding which was scheduled

for last August. He did live long enough to be there though.

After that, I knew he couldn't possibly

survive until Thanksgiving. When he survived to Thanksgiving,

I knew it was certain he couldn't possibly continue on until

Christmas. But Christmas came and he again proved me wrong.

Bobby outlived his doctors' and nurses' expectations

of never seeing the New Year. His mind and body continued enduring

till almost Superbowl Sunday.

I think all of this is more evidence of a fact

I sometimes am reluctant to admit. That fact is, it seems my

mother was correct when she named me "Gary" instead of "God".

A brief story: At this time last year, one of

my in-laws was diagnosed with fatal cancer of the liver. He

had a rare blood type and it was extremely unlikely a donor

could be found in time to save his life. Even if by some miracle

a donor was found, the chances of this man living a healthy

life (or just plain living) were not very favorable.

This is a man for whom almost everybody who knew

him was already emotionally prepared for his death which almost

certainly would occur within a few months. At the same time

he was diagnosed with liver cancer, Theresa's father was a strapping

230-pound man seemingly in perfect health.

As it has come to pass, my in-law DID receive

a new liver from someone with the same blood type, his body

seems to have accepted it well, and he is now leading a healthy

life, which includes running several miles a day.

And, as I said at the beginning of this letter,

that strapping 230-pound man, Theresa's father, is no longer

with us.

If there is one last thing I am certain about

in today's world it is...

Uncertainty!

Anyone who thinks they can predict the future

for ten years, one year, one month, one day, one hour, or even

one minute will, sooner or later, have fate prove him (or her)

to be a fool.

Remember the words "yesterday is dead and gone"

and "tomorrow's out of sight"? They were true when they

were written about 40 years ago, they were true 4,000 years

ago, and they are still true today. So, if you have someone

you love or are fond of (or at least you appreciate) I suggest

you let them know NOW. Next week, tomorrow, or even this evening

might prove to be too late.

There is a lot to Bobby Canady's story but, I'm

going to sum up what I know about him in one word...

Decent.

As I said, perhaps I'll write more about him later

but, not now.

You see, Theresa temporarily moved out of State

to be by her father's side and devoted her time 24/7 to be his

nurse. So, there are hundreds of e-mails, faxes, letters and

phone calls which have gone unanswered. And since we used another

service for fulfillment,there have also been some mix-ups in

orders. Because "Yours Truly" is so dysfunctional, so many everyday

things have simply gone by the wayside.

But, now that Theresa is back at her desk, we're

going to start digging out of this mess and, after a while,

perhaps we'll have our world back in order.

I want to ask you a favor: If you have an e-mail

which hasn't been responded to, or any other kind of communication

which hasn't been answered, or any other business detail not

responded to by my office, please do NOT contact us immediately.

Do NOT ask us to reply and correct this situation right

now. The favor I want to ask is... give us two or three weeks

"breathing room" to get to where we can see a little daylight.

Then, perhaps we can, once again, begin dealing with our daily

workload with some semblance of timeliness.

Enough of that. Let's now write a newsletter.

The subject of this one is...

Money!

Do you think you know a lot about money? Maybe

you do. Maybe you don't. But let's see if any of the following

facts are in any way surprising to you:

More of our fantasies are about money... than sex.

If we could have any luxury in the world (and money didn't

matter) more of us would choose to spend money on a butler

and a maid than anything else.

90% of Americans who own pets buy them Christmas gifts.

Money is the leading cause of disagreements in marriages.

65% of Americans would live on a deserted island all by

themselves for an entire year for $1,000,000.

For $10,000,000 most of us would do almost ANYTHING!

Including abandoning our family and friends and our church.

A very high percentage of us would, for that same amount of

money, change our race or sex. And, 1 in every 14, would even

murder someone for ten million bucks.

What's really strange about this is, the statistics remain

the same whether it's ten million dollars all the way down

to three million. For three million bucks, most of us would

do the same horrible things we would do for ten million. But,

guess what? Few of us would do these things for a "measly"

two million.

92% of us would rather be rich than find the love of our

lives.

Here's a weighty one: Money (or the lack thereof) is

the biggest stress inducer in the lives of Americans. We worry

more about money than our marriages, our health, or even who's

going to win the Superbowl Game or come out on top in the

latest Survivor TV show.

If you get your money out of a Hitachi ATM machine in Japan,

it will be laundered. The way they do it is, they briefly

press the bills between rollers at high enough temperatures

to kill most bacteria.

Women have very fixed ideas on how much they are willing

to spend on a bra. 38.3% of women won't spend $30 for a bra.

28.4% won't spend $50. 10% would pay as much as $75. And,

only 3.5% would shell out $100. But, you know what? Almost

20% of women say they would pay almost anything

for a bra. This is because they consider (and I guess so do

a few men) that the contents of what those bras are encasing

is of extremely high-value.

Nearly half of the people who sell their houses with furniture

included will take all the light bulbs out of all the lamps

when they vacate the premises.

Most people won't bend over to pick up money lying on

the sidewalk unless it's at least a dollar.

Most Americans think pennies are a pain in the ass and the

U.S. Mint should stop making them.

There is about 405 billion dollars in circulation.

Only 32 million of that amount is counterfeit. That

means, the percentage of counterfeit money in America is .0079%.

And, $20 bills are more often counterfeited than $100 bills.

Do people care if their bills are crisp? Indeed, they do.

Fresh, crisp, clean bills are considered much more valuable

than those which are old, wrinkled and dirty.

I once sent a 'dollar bill thank you' letter to a guy who

sent a sincere letter back to me bitching the free $1 bill

I sent him was wrinkled instead of crisp as I had described

in the letter.

Let's flip a coin and try to guess whether it will come

up heads or tails. Three times as many people guess 'heads'

than 'tails'.

Here's one I personally think really sucks: One out of every

four Americans believe their best chance of getting rich is

by playing the lottery.

How about this one for a shocking fact: 5% of lottery

ticket buyers buy 51% of all tickets sold. (Trust me, none

of these people belong to the "Einsteins of America Society".)

A staggering 74% of us are influenced by how much we can

win in a lottery as opposed to the odds of us winning.

That's a good thing for the Government because the odds

of winning a lottery jackpot are about 10 million to

1.

A person who drives 10 miles to buy a lottery ticket is

3 times more likely to be killed in a car accident while driving

to buy the ticket... than... he is to win the jackpot.

Sunday newspaper coupon inserts are the second-most read

section of the paper, after the front page.

Few people know it but, you can buy single-disease insurance.

Only 6% of people in America regularly buy clothes tailor

made just for them.

Here's one that's really important: 63% of us decide NOT

to buy a product advertised on the Internet... because...

we think the shipping and handling charges add too much to

the order.

Eight times as many Americans would rather use an ATM

than deal with a real live teller.

This one's going to blow your mind: 83% of Americans

still pay with checks instead of credit cards!

Almost 30% of us say we would need 3 million smackaroos

to feel rich. This ties in with the fact most of us would

do anything for as little as $3 million... but... not nearly

as many of us would do those identical things for a measly

$2 million. (Hey, here's your chance to take advantage of

that situation. If you only want to pay $2 million to have

something done, ask me if I'll do it. The chances are, believe

it or not, I WILL DO IT.)

Here's another fact which is really, really important: 80%

of Americans say giving personal information (especially their

credit card information) over the Internet scares the living

shit out of them.

Two-thirds of Americans say they wouldn't let their spouse

spend the night and have sex with another person for a million

dollars. Many of these people are liars. There's a big difference

being asked if they would do it for a million dollars... as

opposed to... handing them a paper sack containing the million

fungolas and simply saying, "Here, you can have this if

you'll let me sleep with your sweetie tonight."

The average wedding in America costs a staggering $20,000.00.

More than one-third of American women consider money

more important than good sex to the success of a marriage.

According to Employee Benefits Research Institute 96% of

all people who have jobs right now won't be eligible for their

full Social Security benefits when they reach age 65.

When it comes to houses, more than anything else, people

want a state-of-the-art kitchen.

When people shop for a car, what they want more than anything

else is reliability for the best possible price.

One of the best ways to raise money for a charity is

to have a free dinner for a lot of people and have an empty

envelope tucked under their plate... for the express purpose...

of making whatever size donation they want.

People tip more on sunny days than they do on dreary days.

More than 80,000,000 people call the I.R.S. Information

Hotline phone number every year. One-third of those calls

go unanswered. And, according to the Treasury Department itself,

47% of the answers the 'get-through' callers receive are incorrect.

Almost two out of three people have modified their financial

behavior because of their fears.

Almost three times as many people who live in the South

worry about losing their jobs as compared to people who live

in the Midwest.

Which would you rather do: Shop till you drop... or... have

great sex?

For men, this is a no-brainer.

However, more women would actually rather have an unlimited

shopping spree than spend a weekend with a fabulous lover.

In fact, the #1 favorite fantasy of women is to have a blank

check to shop at their favorite store.

The favorite fantasy of men (at least in my opinion) is what

we would like to DO to the sales girl... rather than... what

we would like to buy from her.

Why am I so focused on money this month? Plain

and simple... because...

I Need Some!

Seven months of trying to function without my

Assistant taking care of my business has put a severe dent in

my financial situation. I think maybe in the near future, I'm

going to give a low-priced seminar which will be so tightly

focused on making money, a lot of people (at least if they are

not out buying bras) will pay me to attend. I'm still mulling

it over and if I decide to do it, I'll write to you about it

soon.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"Cheaper Than Three Million"

P.S.

By the way, the somewhat "Halbertized" facts in this

newsletter were inspired from a book by Bernice Kanner

titled "Are You Normal About Money?" She's written

a number of other interestingly-titled books and I suggest

you put her name into your search engine and see what

you come up with. I'm sure there's going to be something

you're going to want to buy.

P.S.#2

This is one of my rare newsletters which does not give

my readers a clear course of action. Rather, it is meant

to jump-start their sluggish brains. And I'll make you

a bet: I bet a few people reading this newsletter e-mail

me and tell me one or more of the facts in this issue

jump-started their brains with a great idea... that...

made huge amounts of fungolas for them.

Except for a guy named David Allard. I don't think

there's anything I can do to get his sluggish brain

going. And I'll tell you more about him in an upcoming

issue.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2004 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights Reserved.