SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/ac_tape_pitch.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:48
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

If you read just the first 2 pages

of this letter, you will learn a secret that will probably...

make you rich!

If you read the other 18 pages, you will learn

about other secrets... that... (if you choose to use

them) can make you more money than any sane person can possibly

spend!

Why am I sending you this information? Well, a

short time ago, you read a message from me (delivered to you

by the magic of the Internet)... and... that message said:

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Have you ever wondered if I tell all

my marketing secrets in my newsletters and at my seminars?

Actually... I do not.

But, I have decided to reveal to some

of you perhaps my most important secret to making huge

profits. Nobody has ever told you about this... because...

Nobody Else Knows

About It!

There's just one catch. I cannot reveal

this secret online. I have to send it to you via snail

mail.

If you've been reading my newsletters

for any length of time, I think you know by now, I never

misuse your e-mail address. Nor do I let anyone else use

your e-mail address for any reason whatsoever. By the

same token, if you give me your snail mail address, it

will be safe with me. I will consider it as sacred as

I do your e-mail address.

And, as soon as you give me your snail

mail address, I will mail you a letter containing this

huge secret you can use to make tons of money. And, I

will reveal this secret...

For Free!

Like I said, you will never get this

piece of information from anybody else. Nobody else knows

it. So, if you are interested, simply e-mail me your name

and snail mail address to my personal e-mail address which

is [email protected]. By the way, in the "Subject

Line" of your e-mail to me, please write "Snail

Mail Address" so I won't mistake your e-mail for

spam and delete it without reading it.

Thanks for reading this rather long

message.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S

This

is, without doubt, the most profitable thing you will

ever learn about how to increase website profits.

Remember that message? I'm sure you do. And, you

did your part. You trusted me with your "snail mail"

address. And now, it's time for me to live up to my end of the

bargain. So, follow along as I reveal the secret I promised

you...

Suppose you have a website and you sell something

on that site. Let's say that (so far) you have sold whatever

it is you are selling to 10,000 people. And now, you've come

up with another product your 10,000 customers might be interested

in. So, you write a sales pitch and you send it to your customers.

You decide to send 5,000 of your customers your

sales pitch by e-mail... and... the other 5,000 customers the

same sales pitch by snail mail. Will it make a difference?

Here is what will happen: Whatever amount of orders

you get from your 5,000 e-mails, you will get...

20 Times More

Orders From Your

Snail Mail !

That means, if you get 15 orders from your e-mail

"mailing"... you will get... 300 orders from your 5,000

snail mail mailing.

Take a moment to think about how important that

is.

Let's say your product is a book you sell for

$37.00. The 15 orders from your e-mail pitch would bring in

$555.00. Of course, it didn't cost you a dime to "mail"

any of those 5,000 e-mail pitches either. And, it didn't cost

you a dime to fill your orders either since all you had to do

was send your customers an e-mail with an attachment containing

the e-book.

So, since you can "mail" your pitch

and deliver your book for free over the Internet, your net profit

is the same as your gross profit. Namely...

$555.00

But now, let's take a look at the numbers from

those 5,000 snail mail pitches you sent out. Since you got 20

times as many orders, you ended up selling 300 books. At $37.00

apiece, you took in $11,100. Oh, but wait... sending out those

5,000 snail mails was NOT free. You had to pay approximately

70¢ to mail each one of them. That cost you $3,500.00 to

physically mail out those 5,000 snail mail sales letters.

And, it gets worse. You actually had to pay to

fulfill all those 300 books too. Let's say it costs about $3.00

apiece to fulfill those orders. Damn, that's another $900.00

you had to shell out.

Therefore, with the cost of the mailing ($3,500)

and the cost of fulfilling those 300 book orders ($900) you

had to spend a big fat $4,400.00. That's so sad.

Because, when you deduct those $4,400 expenses

from the $11,100 you took in... well...

Your

Net Profit

Is... "Only"

$6,700.00!

And, just in case you don't have a calculator

handy, that means your snail mail produced...

More Than 12 Times

As Much Profit...

As The "Free" E-Mail !

This is NOT an exaggeration. These numbers are

typical.

You see, there are SO MANY "spam filters"

between you and the person you are attempting to send your e-mail

to, fewer and fewer of your messages are being delivered every

day. And, even IF your email message did get delivered, the

chances are very high your message will be deleted by the person

you sent it to. And, even IF your e-mail got delivered, opened

and read, it probably wouldn't be believed.

Study after study has shown people just plain,

flat-out DON'T believe almost any of the e-mails they receive.

On the other hand, there are no "spam filters"

between you and the person you are attempting to send your snail

mail letter to. And, when your letter is delivered, the chances

are very high your message will be opened. And, when your letter

got delivered, opened and read, it probably would be believed.

You see, study after study has shown...

Snail Mail Has A

2,000% To 12,000% Higher

"Believability Factor" Than E-Mail !

What you have just read is the biggest unknown

secret to making huge website profits.

And, I know many other website profit secrets

nobody else knows about. One such secret is...

How To Run Full-Page

Newspaper Ads Promoting

YourWebsite... 100% Free!

In fact, at the risk of ruining my reputation

for modesty, I am going to make a rather bold statement...

I Now Honestly Believe

I Know More About How To

Increase The Profit Of AWebsite

Than Anyone Else On Earth!

I'm not kidding. I really do believe that is an

accurate statement. Here's a true story: I was visited recently

by a man named Ed Dale from Australia. (He has since moved to

England.) Ed is one of those very rare people who started a

profitable dot.com company and then... SOLD IT FOR CASH... at

the peak of the frenzy. Then, Ed took the cash from the sale

of his dot.com company and made some shrewd investments and

even shrewder business decisions. And so, his fortune has now

multiplied to double digit millions.

Ed has now started to create websites and has

set out to learn everything he can about how to make those websites

more profitable. He told me recently every marketing book he

has read, every audio or video tape he has listened to or watched,

every seminar he has attended, all pointed him to me, Sir Gary

of Halbert, as the best copywriter and direct marketer online

today.

Naturally, I would be the last to deny that...

so... when Ed rang me up on the "blower" (that's Australian

meaning 'he called me on the phone') I invited him to visit

me in Miami. I learned a lot about Ed during our visit. One

of the things I learned about him is, he always attempts to

seek out and then work with only the very top people in their

chosen fields of expertise. Another (of many) things I learned

was Ed had five operating websites... and... each of those websites

was as different from each other as they could possibly be.

I'm listing them for you here:

www.massaagetherapysuccess.com

www.weddingplanningsecrets.com

www.troutfishingsecrets.com

www.pianoisfun.com

www.fraps.com

That's quite a unique mixture of websites, wouldn't

you agree? I can't imagine how any five websites could be more

different in content than those five are from each other.

Anyway, Ed and I chatted for a bit and then I

told him about how I know more about increasing website profits

than anyone else in the world. And, we made a dinner bet. The

bet was, I could show him how to make a simple change to each

of his websites which would exponentially increase his profits...

immediately... on each of the sites. If I failed, I'd owe him

dinner. If I won, he'd owe me dinner. I also told him this was

only one of about a dozen website profit breakthroughs I had

made...

And Nobody Else In The World

Knows About Them!

Let us mush on: Ed returns to Australia and makes

the change I told him to make to all five of his websites. Soon,

he calls me: "Well mate, it looks like I owe you a dinner!”

"Why is that?” I asked, "did

my suggestion work out for you?”

"Work out? Are you daft, mate? What you

told me to do increased the profitability of every one of my

five websites... immediately! The lowest profit increase

was 300% and the highest was about 1,000%!” (NOTE:

I'll bet you a dollar to a donut that anybody who visits those

sites will not be able to detect the profit-making secret I

had Ed incorporate in them. It's something so sophisticated...

even though it's elegantly simple... it's invisible to almost

everybody.)

Anyway, I then reminded him this was only one

of about a dozen secrets I have developed to increase website

profitability. And, that if he would come to my Miami seminar

(the one I just finished), he could learn the other secrets.

What Ed did amazed me...

First, he moved from Australia to London to be

closer to me and the United States. Then, he DID attend my seminar...

and... he was one of the guest speakers.

Ed Dale and I have now made a business arrangement.

I am no longer for hire as a copywriter. I won't take on a single

client. All I'm going to do from now on is work with Ed, keep

writing my newsletter and, finish up a few unfinished marketing

chores I owe a few people.

By the way, this seminar had fewer attendees than

any other seminar I have ever given since I started writing

my newsletter back in 1986. It was kept very small deliberately

because my #1 Trusty Assistant Theresa couldn't be there to

help me. She is now living with her dying father and is serving

him as his primary caregiver.

So, to keep the seminar small, I only notified

a fraction of my readers about it. And, it turns out, a lot

of those I did notify were struggling with the loss of their

homes and/or businesses caused by Hurricane Isabel. Others lucky

enough not to lose their physical structures, had to deal with

the loss of their electricity, phone service, computer access,

fax lines, etc.

I actually had more website experts to

help me with the seminar than I had seminar attendees. So, you

know what we did? We gave each attendee a great deal of personal

attention which would have been impossible under any other circumstances.

And, we had the luxury of making this the most informative,

useful, personal... and... intense... Internet/website

seminar in all of recorded history.

For example, I had every single attendee tell

me all about his or her website or, the website they were getting

ready to put on the web. Then, I told every one of them... in

exact detail... what they could do to improve the profitability

of their website.

I told a few of them they should change the product

they were selling. You see, many people believe the Internet

is SO BIG, you can use it to sell anything. That's not true.

Not if you want to make really BIG profits. If you want to make

really serious money on the Internet, you have to limit yourself

to a surprisingly small category (percentage-wise) of products

or services you offer for sale on your site.

As I write this, I have at my side, a folder telling

me (in rank order) the top 10,000 websites in the world. If

your website is not among the top 10,000 sites, you are

not making really, really serious money with your website. You

might be making what you consider a lot but, you will be missing

out on the truly humongous fungolas you could be raking in.

So, one of the most important secrets Irevealed at my seminar

was...

How To Select A Product Or Service That...

When Sold Via The Internet... Will...

Almost Guarantee You Make HUGE Profits!

And, why not? It costs the same amount of time

and energy to sell a really profitable product or service as

it does to create and maintain a site which only makes peanuts.

So, let's say you are selling one or more of those

hugely-profitable products or services on your website. What

is the first thing you should pay a lot of attention to? I am

literally amazed no one else teaches this! Can you guess what

it is?

It's The NAME

Of YourWebsite!

Come closer. Pay attention here. Everybody in

marketing with even half-a-brain knows the HEADLINE is the most

important part of any ad. And, don't you get it that when it

comes to websites... the NAME of your site... IS is the

headline?!

People pay thousands and thousands to get the

top position when someone types a search phrase into a search

engine which relates to what they are selling.

So, there they are, right in the top ten results

of a website search... with... a few poorly written sentences

describing their site (written in blue) and the name of their

website hidden at the bottom of the few lines of copy describing

their site.

Know this: Burn it into your mind:

Those first few sentences which describe your site... plus...

the actual NAME of your site are, by far...

The Most Important Words

On Your Entire Website!

Look, when people type a search word or a search

phrase into a search engine, they do NOT necessarily click on

the sites which pop up in the first three or four results. No.

What they do is, they glance down the list of those top ten

sites and read the brief descriptions of each site... and...

the name of each website.

The one they really click on first

(and you DO want it to be yours) is the one with the most enticing

copy describing the website... and... the most enticing website

name.

It's like they are glancing at headlines in a

newspaper to see what stories they want to read. And, most website

descriptive copy and website names seem to have been written

by marketing imbeciles. Listen, these words are, by far, the

most important words on your entire website. More thought and

effort should go into these few lines of descriptive copy (and

name) of your website than everything else that is on your site...

combined! It's so simple, I feel like I'm writing to

morons that I even have to explain it... but... I'm going to

explain it anyway...

If The Few Lines Of Descriptive Copy About

YourWebsite

(And The Name Of YourWebsite) Are NOT Written To Grab

A Great Deal Of Immediate Attention... Nobody... Will Click

On The Link And Read YourWebsite... And... Therefore...

NOBODY WILL BUY ANYTHING FROM YOU!

I don't know how to make it any clearer. If you

cannot understand the obvious truth of what I have just written,

you are truly beyond all hope.

Now, for many of you, I am going to make your

day.

I suspect what I am going to write next is going

to put smiles on the faces of people all over the world.

Remember how I wrote a few newsletters ago about

how I was NOT going to be selling the tapes of my Internet/website

seminar? I was not lying to you. Not intentionally anyway.

But, when I got to the seminar, I was pulled aside

by my good friend Carlos Duran and, he told me he had made arrangements

for the hotel (The Embassy Suites) to audio tape the entire

seminar. He told me he wanted to have tapes of the event, even

if it was just for archival reasons. What the heck? I didn't

see how it could hurt anything. And then, something strange

happened: About one-third of the way through the seminar, I

realized this was turning out to be the best seminar on how

to make website profits in all of history.

And so, I have decided I will sell the tapes.

Not only that, I made another decision:

I Made The Decision

To Sell The Tapes At A

Dirt-Cheap, Low Price!

This presented me with a particular problem. Here

I was, standing in front of a small group of people who had

paid nearly $6,000 to attend my seminar plus all their hotel

and travel expenses. And, three of these people had come all

the way from Singapore. Do you know how much it costs to fly

round trip from Singapore? I just looked it up. It's somewhere

in the vicinity of $3,000.00 or more.

Maybe some of the attendees would not have come

to the seminar... if... they had known in advance they would

be able to buy the tapes... and especially... if they knew the

dirt-cheap price I was going to charge for the tapes.

But, there was no way they could have known any

of that because... I didn't know I was going to do this myself.

So, I decided to make a little "pitch" to the attendees.

This is what I said:

"Look, this is turning out to be

a truly spectacular seminar. So spectacular, in fact, I want

to share it with the world by selling the audio tapes of this

event. But, I can see how many of you would resent that after

paying so much to be here in person. So, I want to make a deal

with you.

"First, I will give you some secret website

techniques for making profits that I had already decided I wasn't

going to share with anybody.

"Secondly, right here and right now, I

will change the agenda of this seminar so I can go over everybody's

website and tell you personally and individually how to immediately

increase the profits of your site.

"And, if that's not enough, I will give

you the right to call me about any of your website problems

for the next 18-months and I will do my best to help you...

without any charge!”

Everybody in that room LOVED my proposal. So,

guess what? If you want to, you are going to be able to buy

the tapes... and... you are going to be able to buy them at

far less than what my seminar attendees had to pay. I have reasons

for doing this and I will explain those reasons at the end of

this letter.

But now, for the first time in my life, I'm going

to do something I've never done before. Instead of me writing

a sales letter to entice you to buy the tapes of this seminar...

I'm going to let my attendees do it for me!

Dear Gary,

I realized what I hate most:

Flying in an airplane for 20 hours. But if you are going

to put on another seminar with a $5,000 price tag, guess

what? I would still go on a dumb plane and fly 20 hours

to attend another of your seminars! Here is why:

I learned about a drug (which was completely unknown

to me) that quite possibly, will make me a million dollars

within the next 24-months.

I learned your secret on how to (at least) double

my website profits.

I got to meet some great minds in marketing.

I learned how to place ads in newspapers at a huge

discount off rate cards.

I just learned about the most important thing I can

ever do for my business.

I've read in your newsletter, "much

of what I say is timely, but much of what I

say is also timeless." And what I learned in this

Internet seminar is timeless.

Terry Ryan

Singapore

Dear Gary,

As a long time reader of "The

Gary Halbert Letter," I thought I had an idea of

what to expect from your seminar.

Boy, was I wrong!

On Day 1, I received at least

two ideas that I put into action... THAT SAME NIGHT!

Day 2 taught me more about copywriting

by listening to real-world critiques than I ever had listening

to tapes or reading books.

Day 3 is where the money is for my

business. I learned one strategy to use in my Internet

marketing efforts that will GUARANTEE a 500% increase

in my business. I want to thank you for allowing John

Reese the opportunity to share this tactic.

In all, I am walking away from this

experience a wiser man. My gratitude for this cannot be

expressed in words.

Bill Kent

Houston, Texas

Dear Gary,

I got turned onto you when I

was 23 years old. I'm now 25 and have made over One

Hundred Thousand Dollars using the insider secrets

given to me by you. After this Internet seminar, I'm ready

to make 5 million dollars in the next two years.

The future of making money on the Internet

has just had the door blown off it... and... you are leading

the charge behind the captain's chair of an MA1 mobile

tank fleet. Thanks Gary for giving my finances air in

a world drowning with money problems.

Denise Cantaloni

Miami, FL

Dear Gary,

I've been to many of your seminars.

However, this one was by far the best! After having read

at least a dozen books alleging to teach me how to make

money with a website, your course this weekend taught

more proven, simple and workable keys to actually DOING

that (and easily) than all those books combined! This

knowledge could be worth a literal fortune in Internet

profits for most anyone who applies it. Thank you so very

much.

Mark Gordon

Seattle, WA

Dear

Gary,

As experienced Internet marketers,

my team and I didn't come to this workshop looking for

the basics... but... came for those unexpected points

of view (your hallmark) which spawns two or three important

new ideas. You gave us five or six. As always, your workshops

deliver.

Gerald Ledford

Albuquerque, NM

Dear Gary,

Your Internet/website seminar was

phenomenal!

I'm just starting out in the Internet/website

business and your seminar provided me all of the essential

tools to make money in the Internet... including how to

write a winning sales letter, secrets to setting up a

profitable website and much, much more.

Within the next ten days, I'll have

my website making money... and I'll be on

my way to a very successful Internet business. Thanks

a million.

Robert Brown

Boston, MA

Dear Gary,

"Thank you" seems thin...

what I want is something that has more muscle... something

with "heft"... something... something GRAND!

What do you say to someone who has been so generous...

not only with the invitation... but with the presentation?

People have asked me, 'was it worth

it?' I tell them that I saw someone who was tops in his

field deliver with total generosity everything

he had. I had the privilege to be in the room with his

peers, to be treated as one of them! "What? WHAT?

Was it worth it? Are you NUTS?" I say, "OF COURSE

IT WAS WORTH IT! Those three days have changed my life.

What I learned is multi-layered, and it will be percolating

through my being for a long time as I digest the content."

Really, "thank you", (as

well meaning as it is) does not say what I feel. The only

thing I can think to do is, "do" what you taught.

To go out there and work and someday say, "Gary Halbert

taught me that." I just want to live up to the opportunity

you gave us.

My friend, Jackie, who had no thought

of marketing anything is now fired up and ready to go.

In changing my life, you have inadvertently changed hers.

NOW... there is the greatest gift of all.

Really Gary, you are the guru of words...

What Can I Say? Muchicimas Gracias! Vaya con Dios! Just

know, you will always be there until the last beat of

my heart. Darn, I always seem to get mushy even though

I don't want to... I'll have to work on that.

Bernice Edwards

Portland, OR

Dear Gary,

I have learned more about making money

online in three days with you... than... I have the past

four years paying through the nose following the so-called

Internet gurus.

Naomi Walker

Farmingdale, NY

Dear Gary,

I have gained invaluable insights

on copywriting in this seminar. And your simple tips on

how to make my website more profitable will definitely

work!

Toni Yong

Singapore

Dear Gary,

This has been the most beneficial

seminar I have ever attended. I have learned so many tips

and strategies for marketing...

My Brain Is Throbbing!

The seminar was excellent in itself

but, talking to the other attendees was like participating

in mini-seminars and mentoring by experts in the field.

This seminar has been a giant "payback"

for all the good deeds I have done in my life.

Jackie Gibson

Portland, OR

Dear Gary,

I came to your seminar hoping to walk

away with one really good idea. Instead, I am walking

away with... 43 incredibly great ideas!

Lorenzo Vaughn

Toronto, Canada

Dear Gary,

I've attended many of your seminars

over the years. The truth is, this web seminar was the

very best to anyone serious about making their fortune

on the web. Without the tapes, they are almost guaranteed

to fail. With them... the only way anyone can fail is...

if they don't listen to them!

Terry Ryan

Singapore

Dear Gary,

I have a background in anthropology...

which means... I have almost no knowledge of marketing.

After attending your seminar, my learning curve has skyrocketed.

Anita Kirkpatrick

Phoenix, AZ

Dear Gary,

Thanks for all the copywriting tips.

Especially the secrets you shared about bullets, headlines,

the best time and place to write copy, and the one secret

that was worth the cost of the seminar... what special

process we should use to accept orders that will double

our orders.

Automatically include my name for sign

up at your next seminar. Oh, and would you do me a favor?

Please, please, please, do not make tapes of this seminar

available to the public.

Gary McClure

Jacksonville, FL

Dear Gary,

No one can show you how direct marketing

techniques can be used to make tons of money on the Internet

better than you, Sir Gary of Halbert.

Geoffrey Allen

Albuquerque, NM

Dear Gary

Finding the real thing in a world

which has learned to accept the "fair" copy

as the norm is a mind expanding experience. To me, Gary

Halbert really "is" the man he is reputed to

be. Your presentation is sharp and to the point. You condense

the most pertinent points into the time allotted without

crowding the ideas. You give individual attention without

demeaning the questioner. As a teacher, you have the gift

to communicate in a way the student can learn. I am taking

the lessons learned back with me in the full confidence

I can use them to remake my business life. I will be at

your next seminar and I will continue to read your newsletters

for the best nuggets I know are there. Quite simply, YOU

ARE THE BEST!

Bonita Evans

Los Angeles, CA

Dear Gary,

I walked into your seminar a little

nervous... I was a true web virgin.

But now, I have all the tools I need

to set up a profitable website including... how to find

a profitable product to sell... how to set up a search

page... how to test the site to see if it will be profitable

(and for less than $195!)... and how to craft a compelling

sales letter to put on the site!

Thanks for everything. You gave me

a heck of a lot more than I expected!

George Cochran

Tampa, FL

Dear Gary,

I expected to learn enough to get me

off to a jump start but, with just a couple of your ideas...

on the first day... I realized that I'm better

than I thought I was! And when the best in the world says,

"That's damn good copy," that gives me an incredible

amount of confidence.

I was also glad to get the technical

expertise of John Reese. Your addition of John to the

line-up made this experience a complete package for me.

I know now that I got more

out of your seminar than I could have imagined, let alone

expected.

Gill Thompson

Minneapolis, MN

Dear Gary,

Even if anyone finds your website

extremely helpful (as I do) they gotta hear you! Some

of the things you reveal are tested and proven... but

are so cuttingedge and counter-intuitive... that they

have to hear the questions, the objections, and the reasons

why.

Your comments about the ordering process

are profound, and just as I describe above.

Robert Jones

Boston, MA

Dear Gary,

Firstly, a big thank you! I am so glad

that I flew 20 plus hours from Singapore to attend this

seminar.

Many things I learned can be implemented

immediately... which... I am sure will boost my revenue

tremendously. This is the most value-added seminar I have

attended so far.

I will definitely want to be at your

next seminar.

Lee Canton

Singapore

As you've just read, all 20 people who attended

my seminar thought it was worth its weight in gold. But, truth

be told, I didn't pull it off alone. The other speakers included

Carlos Duran about how you should not work merely to increase

the size of your bank account, but that... also... your work

should be something you care passionately about. He also made

the very valuable point about how you should put the same amount

of passion you do into making money into your family and your

health. Plus, he explained how, when he first met me three years

ago, he was a personal trainer struggling to make the rent...

and how... his association with me (he lives right here in Miami)

has changed his personal and financial circumstances enormously

for the better.

Another of my speakers was "Doberman Dan"

Gallapoo who lives in the Escazu section of San Jose, Costa

Rica. He actually lives within walking distance of 70% of the

online sports betting casinos in the entire world. Online betting

is legal in Costa Rica and, it pisses off the United States

government to no end. Earlier this year, the U.S. government

tried to shut down the online casinos by making it almost impossible

for U.S. citizens to use their credit cards to place their bets.

The U.S. government has NOT succeeded in this endeavor but,

for a while, they put a real hurting on all the online casinos.

So, what the casinos did was to get creative and discovered

several ingenious ways to get money from people who can't use

a credit card. You never know: Maybe one day something negative

will happen to your merchant account and you will

no longer have the ability to process credit cards... so...

one of these options that Dan reveals at my seminar (which was

discovered by the online sports books) could, quite literally...

Save Your Business!

Dan also revealed a "connection" to

someone who may (for real) be able to solve any merchant account

problems you might be having.

Another guest speaker was Joachim DePosada. Joachim

(pronounced Wa-keem) is my all-time favorite public speaker.

He once gave me what I consider the most important piece of

business advice I ever got in my entire life. (You'll hear me

discuss it when you listen to the seminar tapes.)

Joachim travels all over the world and teaches

Fortune 500 companies the REAL secrets a person needs to know

to become successful. He has written a new book called, "How

To Survive The Piranhas" and I am honored he has included

an entire section about me in it. He practically gives this

book away compared to what it's worth. Find it on the 'net and

get yourself a copy.

And then, as I mentioned previously, Ed Dale also

spoke at my seminar. Ed is one of those people who really pisses

me off... because... he not only makes tons of money... he KEEPS

it! (This is a trick I've never learned.) Anyway, Ed explained

all the secrets he uses to make website profits to my attendees.

And, I can say with 100% honesty, what you will hear him reveal

on my seminar tapes is so incredibly valuable, you should

hide your head in shame if you don't use what he teaches to

make more money than any sane person can possibly spend!

And remember in the testimonials, how some of

my attendees mentioned John Reese? Well, remember at the beginning

of this letter I wrote "I Now Honestly Believe I Know More

About How To Increase The Profit Of A Website Than Anyone Else

On Earth!"? Shit. After meeting and listening to John Reese,

I think honesty dictates that, in actuality, that distinction

should go to him.

He's one of those guys who, until recently (like

John Carlton) has preferred to stay very low profile and under

the radar. The rumors I am now hearing about him are that he

is the top entrepreneur on the entire Internet. When John (Reese)

started talking to my attendees and revealed his secrets, it

was like having Tiger Woods taking a personal interest in you,

taking you under his wing and teaching you to play golf.

And there you have it. A rather complete description

of my latest seminar and what you will learn about making website

profits when you listen to those audio tapes. I'm going to tell

you how you can get those tapes... and... why I'm selling them...

so cheap... in just a moment. But first, I want to discusssomething

else.

You know, there's something I've noticed about

every successful marketer whenever I have visited them in their

houses. I've noticed...

They Are All Information Junkies!

They can't get enough. They are just like me.

If you ever visit the home of a truly pro marketer, you'll always

find a room dedicated to housing information products he has

purchased over the years. Hundreds of books, dozens of sets

of audio tapes, box after box of video cassettes, numerous magazinearticles,

newspaper articles and EVERYTHING he can get his hands on which

might help him be a better marketer. Here's the truth:

The Top Guys Never Think They Know It All...

And... They NEVER Stop Learning!

Anyway, I want to tell you why I'm selling my

tapes so cheaply.

First, I didn't know until the last minute I was

going to be taping the seminar... and so... a small portion

was not captured on the tapes. For example, we started the seminar

by having everyone in the room introduce themselves and tell

us a little about their businesses. This portion was not caught

on the audio tapes.

There are a few other bits and pieces we didn't

catch on the tapes... but... we did get just about everything

of value... and... the audio is very clear.

Secondly, we did not video tape the seminar which,

in my opinion, enhances your learning experience.

Thirdly, you will not be getting the kind of individual

attention I was able to give each of the attendees.

And lastly, you will not be eligible for my individual

assistance during the next 18-months with your website problems.

I made that promise to my attendees... for them... to allow

me to sell the tapes of the seminar... and... feel good about

allowing me to do so.

OK, as you know, the attendees had to pay $5,985.00

to be at the seminar. They also had to pay all their travel

and hotel expenses. That means, in some cases (like the attendees

who came from Singapore) they had to shell out over $9,000.00

to be there.

So, here's what I've decided to charge for the

audio tapes. Exactly one-tenth (1/10) of the price of the seminar...

not counting... hotel and other travel expenses. That means...

you can buy these utterlypriceless tapes for only $598.50.

There are several ways you can order these tapes.

The first way is to write your check in the amount of $598.50

made payable to "NoMax Publishing" and send

it to:

NoMax

Publishing

7510 Sunset Blvd. #1020

Los Angeles, CA 90046

If you do that, we will send the tapes to you

immediately by First-Class mail. (By the way, even though

Theresa is out of state helping her Dad, there is someone else

in Ocala who picks up the mail daily.)

Or, if you prefer to order using a credit card,

you can do it by fax or phone. To fax your order, write

the words "Seminar Tape Order" on a sheet of paper

and fax it to (352) 861-1665 along with the following

information:

Your name as it appears on your credit card

Your credit card number

The expiration date

Your BILLING address for that credit card

The 'security code' from your credit card

a) If using Visa or MasterCard, the 'security code' are the

last three digits on the BACK of your credit card in your

signature panel

b) If using American Express, the 'security code' are the

four digits on the FRONT of your credit card above your credit

card number

The shipping address where you want the tapes sent

But, like I said, you can also phone in

your order. Normally, I'd have you call my office and give your

information directly to Theresa. But, since she's not in the

office, you can call my voicemail (24-hours a day, 7-days a

week). When you call my personal voicemail at (323) 851-8275

you will hear my voice saying:

"Hi, this is Gary Halbert. Thank

you for calling to order a copy of my Killer Website Profits

seminar tape package. What I need you to do is leave your name

and the type of credit card you are using. We accept

Visa, MasterCard or American Express. I also need the credit

card number, expiration date, security code and the billing

address of your credit card. Plus, I need the shipping

address where you want the tapes sent. As soon as I have

all this information, I will send you the Killer Website Profits

seminar tape package. And please, speak slowly and clearly and

spell out any unusual words. Thank you again for your order

and trusting me enough to order the package in this fashion."

Okay, after you hear my message, you will hear

a very brief announcement in a female voice. She will direct

you in both English and Spanish to wait for the beep

before leaving your message. It is only after her speaking,

will you hear the beep and be able to leave your ordering information.

So, wait for the beep and do just like I instructed you above

and, your Killer Website Profits seminar tape package will be

shipped to you within 24-hours.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

(temporarily the world's most exhausted

guru)

P.S.

When you listen to these seminar tapes, you will learn

more valuable REAL information on how to make website

profits than you can get any place else in the world.

I promise.

That's it for now. I'm gonna crank up the "No

Mercy" and take a little cruise.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights Reserved.