SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/askk_vanity_radio.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:53
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

W-A-Y West of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Oh boy!

What you are about to read is probably the

best news I've had to report since I started publishing this

letter. For some of you, what you are about to read will seem

like a message from heaven. For the rest of you, who don't

need this info immediately,

you'll certainly know someone who does

need it and, you can share it with them as an early Christmas

present.

Alright, let's get to it. Unless you've been

living in a closet for the last few years, you are undoubtedly

aware that it's damn near impossible for a direct response

company to get a new merchant account. It's really a terrible

situation. So bad, in fact, that many people in our industry

have had to resort to dealing with total slimebags who make a

Chicago loan shark look like a saint.

Moreover, this situation has spawned a new

breed of rather sleazy opportunists who promise, for a fee and

a percentage, they'll get you a merchant account no matter how

many times you've already been turned down.

Personally, I listened to this same song and

dance so many times I've grown weary of it. We paid $500 to

some guy named James Elliot of Peachtree Financial and got

nothing for our money but an abusive phone call. We paid $400

to Kyle Keough & Associates and ended up with squat. We

were referred to a company called Mag Card but they couldn't

help us. Another guy called and said he could take care of us

for $15,000. Someone else offered to allow us, for only

$100,000, to buy a piece of a "bank-to-be" that

would issue a merchant account to any of its shareholders.

And so on.

So, perhaps you can understand why, when a

very nice young lady came to our office and said she could

maybe help us get a merchant account, I sloughed her off to

Paulette and refused to give her any of my time.

Well, lo and behold, guess what? This young

lady took some credit info from Paulette and, two days later,

we did indeed have a merchant account. But her fee... oh Lordy,

are you ready for this...

Her Fee Was A

Big Fat $150.00!

And that was it. No BS percentages. No

trickery. No hassles. Just a nice young lady who delivered

what she promised for a fair price. And, wonder of wonders,

there are no extra "processing charges" or any other

Mickey Mouse tacked-on expenses.

And know this: some people who've offered to

solve this problem for us wanted a rate of 11%! Yet, but

working with this young lady, we pay a simple, fair and just

rate of...

2.65%!

Now, I bet many of you are hoping I'll give

you this young lady's name and number, aren't you?

Fear not, I will. However, there are a few

other things you need to know: (1) the bank she works with

will not take telemarketing firms, (2) you may (we did)

have to make a reasonable security deposit in the form of an

interest-bearing CD, (3) your "financials" will be

closely examined and (4) I'll be looking over her shoulder at

the inquiries she receives and, if I'm able to recognize any

bad apples, I'll do what I can (considerable) to put the

kibosh on the deal.

Enough said. The lady's name is Joyce Gaines and her number is (213)

257-1818.

You know, I can see it now. Some scumsucker,

by clandestine means, gets a copy of this issue and reads what

I've just written and drool and spittle will begin dripping

from his mouth. His greed glands will be amped to the max and

he'll be thinking...

"Hey,

this dumb little twit doesn't know what she's stumbled

onto. I could be getting thousands for what she's

offering so cheap. I think I'll look into this and

knock her out of the picture and take this deal big

time!"

Beware slimebag. As I said, I'll be looking

over her shoulder and, if you try any of this kind of crap,

you may just find that the amazing, semi-handsome Prince of

Print has a little unpleasant surprise for you.

Let's change the subject, shall we? Now, how'd

you like some more good news? Well, why not? It's Christmas,

isn't it? Listen: I've stumbled into something that's new (at

least it's new to me) that can unfreeze your mental

sludge and open up brand new vistas of profit for you. There's

probably a better name for it but, what I call it is...

Vanity Radio!

You are, of course, familiar with vanity publishing,

right? That's where some dork writes a book on the

"History of Caterpillars in Iowa" and, he discovers,

surprise... surprise... that no one will publish his book. So,

what he does is, he goes to a vanity publisher who pretends to

have read his manuscript with great enthusiasm and who charges

him an arm and a leg to print up 5,000 copies of this book,

all of which, (except those he gave to his friends), end up

collecting dust in his garage.

Not so with vanity radio. It actually is a

valid, viable way to advance your business endeavors...

Providing You Have

Something To Say Of

Some Interest!

Here's an example of how it can work. There's

a station in Glendale, California whose call letters are KIEV

and you can get them at 870 on your AM dial. Now, what they'll

do is sell you a block of time, at a very reasonable rate, in

which you can create your own talk show. The way I got onto

this was, I was running one of my ads in the L.A. Times,

"The Amazing Cash-Flow Secret Of A Desperate Nerd From

Ohio," and I get a call from a guy who says the subject

of my ad (my report "16 Ways To Sell Anything to Anyone

Without Ever Meeting Them In Person") would be a natural

for a radio talk show. He then goes on to tell me I can buy an

entire hour of radio time for only $1,200 and he'll arrange to

have me interviewed by one of the station's announcers.

What the hey? Always eager for another shot at

self-aggrandizement, I go for the deal and I send off a check

and show up at the station the following Saturday. A few

minutes before air time, the guy who's going to interview me

bursts into the room and says, "Let's go next door. You sit here and I'll sit there."

And we're off!

I'd already given this guy a list of questions

I wanted him to ask me and he did so while, intermittently,

giving out the telephone number the listeners could call to

order my report.

It worked out pretty good. I did enough

business to just about pay for my air time (actually, counting

the "back end", I'm probably considerably ahead)

and, as a bonus, they gave me a cassette of the show that I am

free to use in any way I choose except... I can't re-broadcast

it.

There are some very interesting ramifications

to this situation. Let's say, for example, you're working on a

space ad or a direct mail package and you can't seem to get it

on paper exactly the way you want it. Maybe this is the

umpteenth time you've had to sit down and bat out a piece on

the same thing you can't seem to come up with any fresh ideas.

Or maybe you're working on a brand new project and you just

can't seem to get it flowing.

In any case, what you might want to try as a

novel approach is, to book yourself an hour or 1/2 hour on

KIEV or a similar station and arrange to have yourself

interviewed by one of their people. You make up a list of

questions you want to be asked and also, you let the

interviewer ask his own questions as they occur to him. And,

since this is a talk show format, you'll also be receiving

call-ins from people with additional questions.

In any case, when it's all over, you'll have

a 30-minute or a 60-minute tape recording of you

(hopefully at your best), talking about whatever it is you're

selling. most likely, you'll hear yourself saying some new

things, things you've never said before, or said perhaps quite

this way. That will occur because of the unexpected questions

that will pop up and because of the adrenaline inherent in the

situation.

Now, what you do next is, you get a transcript

of the show and you go over it with a fine tooth comb looking

for fresh ideas you can transfer over to your print campaigns.

So, the first thing you can use vanity radio

for is to get your brain unglued whenever you're stuck.

What else? Ok, since the announcer will be

constantly telling the listeners how to call and order what

you're selling, you also rake in some money... maybe even a

profit.

What else? Ok, let's say you're selling

something like financial services that require quite a bit of

explanation plus... quite a bit of validation and,

being on the radio will give you some.

So maybe, what you might want to do is make

dupes of the cassette of your show and send that cassette with

a cover letter to your best prospects. By the way, as a little

"insurance" you might want to "stack the

deck" by having some of your friends standing by to call

while you are on the air with questions, the answers of which

make you look especially good.

So, what you get from all this is...

1.

help in creating your written sales pitch

2.

orders

3.

credentializing

Plus...

You Get To Be A

Star For A Day!

Ah, but what's all this wonderfulness going to

cost you? An arm? A leg? Your sister's virtue? Not at all,

Kemo Sabe. What it currently costs (call KIEV for more exact

figure) approximates...

$1,200... for a full hour

$600... for a half hour

$300... for 15-minutes

...or if you just want to buy some 2-minute

spots (it would be silly) you can get them for about $200

apiece. So, if you're interested, here's the name and number

of the man to call...

Walter Zlotnicki

(213) 245-2388

Now, having said all that, let me say this -

the real reason I did the

KIEV radio show is, I'm getting ready to film a half hour

"infomercial" for cable TV and, doing it first on

the radio is a cheap way to "debug" the show. In

other words, you can use the facilities of KIEV or, you can

record somewhere else and, you just give KIEV the tape and

they'll play your show straight through without making any

changes.

And, speaking of radio, let me remind you of

something. Many years ago I learned that, whenever I'm running

full-page ads in newspapers and, I also "advertise my

advertising" by using radio spots that reference the

newspaper ads that, as a rule, it...

Triples Response

You do it like this: Let's say you're running

an ad that exhorts people to buy their Xmas trees from you

because... "You won't be cruel, just because it's yule"

and you'll give them a real bargain. So, on the day your ad

appears, you run a bunch of 60-second spots that go like

this...

"Attention everybody

who loves Christmas! Would you like to have a real

live northern pine evergreen Christmas tree to help

make your holiday season mucho merry? Would you like

to buy your Christmas tree in the most convenient way

possible and get it at the cheapest price in town? If

so, read the Herald Examiner. Read it today. Just look

for the page with the big headline that says... 'How

to buy a great Christmas tree and still have enough

money left over to celebrate New Years.' That's today.

In the Herald Examiner. Once again look for the page

that says 'How to buy a great Christmas tree and still

have enough money left to celebrate New Years.' That's

today. In the Herald Examiner. Thank you."

And heck, while I'm on the subject of radio,

let's go for more. A couple of weeks ago I was teaching at a

marketing boot camp (you should go to one) in Fort Lauderdale,

Florida and I met a copywriter named Bob Rutz. He told me

about an outfit called American Radio Network that has

midnight to 8 A.M. slots on stations in 4 major areas. Those

areas in California are: Riverside, L.A. & the

"Valley," and Fresno. They also have a station in

Hawaii. Now, apparently, they'll play your canned

1-hour show...

For Only $65.00!

They say that you own

each show and you can run it on other stations. Also, they get

4-minutes of your hour to run their

commercials. Also, according to my erstwhile researcher,

"Cruel Johnny Carlton," they also want you to come

in and do a test tape to make sure you're not pathological or

sound like Minnie Mouse. There's more: They want you to commit

to your time slot every week, they want you to attend

4-weekends at their studio (they're kidding, I hope) to learn

how to handle the studio. And, since they're not set up for

live shows yet, you definitely must

pre-tape or can all your shows.

Listen: I haven't checked all this out but it

does sound interesting. So, if you want more info you can call

them for their written information at (213)

468-0080 and, you can call Friday noon to 7 P.M. only, at (213) 468-0095 and ask for Jim Guthrie.

Who knows? Maybe this will come to naught and

be a total bust as far as you're concerned. Or maybe, it'll

work out. Give it a try, if it fits within your scheme of

things.

Let's change gears and go on to another

subject. There's something I've been wanting to tell you for a

long time but, so far, I've never been able to make it fit

into the "theme" of any of my letters. Well, it

doesn't fit into the theme of this one either but, I'm going

to tell you anyway.

So there.

And, so anyway, years ago, I was sitting at

the feet of Ed Mayer, the "Dean of Direct Mail," and

he taught me many amazing things. Here's one I've never

forgotten: Ok, let's say you have a successful sales letter

that pulls in a certain percent of orders. Then, if you wait

3-weeks and then mail what appears to be a carbon

copy of your original letter with a note that says, "Here's a copy of my earlier letter - still waiting for your

reply," that you'll pull in about 60% to 70% of what

you pulled in with the original letter.

But here's the kicker: If you mail the carbon

copy version first, (without ever having mailed the original)

you'll pull in more than you would have by mailing the original!

Now, here's another direct mail idea that can

dramatically increase your response. Let's say you're mailing

a piece that includes a brochure. What you do is you convert

your brochure into an ad, run that ad in a prestigious

publication like a national newspaper and then, you have extra

copies of that ad printed up... and

printed on newsprint!

Then, you replace your brochure with the

newsprint reprint and, in your sales letter, you say something

like...

"Dear Friend,

I'm sending you a copy of a recent

piece about how to cure poverty that appeared in

_________ ___________ _________."

Etc. etc.

You'll get more readership, more believability

and more orders!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

Airhead of the Airways

P.S.

Do you know any more stations across the country who use

this vanity radio idea? I'd like to know about them.

P.P.S

1988 has been

good to me. I sure hope it was for you, too. I want to

wish you the happiest of holidays and a...

Merry Christmas!

And/Or

A Happy Hanukkah!

And For Sure

A Happy New Year!

God bless you.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.