SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/newsletters/aslk_start_every_day.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:35
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

W-A-Y West of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend & Subscriber,

Nobody ever

asks me who the best copywriter in the world is anymore.

My answer is

a foregone conclusion.

However, I

am now often asked, "Who is the world's second-best copywriter?" And, although

there are a handful of world-class contenders, on an all-round

basis, I'd have to give the nod to my friend, John Carlton

because he is at the top of the heap when it comes to being...

A Hard-Boiled, Go-Get-The-Job-Done,

Grab-Them-By-The-Throat, And

Force-Them-To-Order Copywriter!

John almost

makes a fetish out of being low profile. Even though he's a

world-class copywriter... and... someone who makes millions of

dollars for his clients... he is NOT someone who chooses to be

on the book market or seminar circuit. He's not somebody who

goes out and tries to become famous. He's like a "quiet

trade secret" for those few of us insiders who are

privileged to know him... and... he's one of those people

you'll rarely ever get the opportunity to hear his advice.

Like most of

the best writers, John is a complex man. He loathes publicity

and limelight yet, he performs on stage as a scorching lead

guitarist for local bar bands as a hobby.

John

scrambled from a loving, working-class home in tiny Cucamonga,

California. He was the first of his tribe to attend college

and he has lived all over the country working as a cartoonist,

fisherman, dishwasher, novelist and executive. He's proud of

his white-trash, blue-collar roots. "We

were the people you cherished as your friends and

neighbors," John says.

He tried many different lifestyles as he was

growing up. John was lucky enough to catch the heyday of

Beatlemania, the emerging pop-culture of television, hippydom,

the sexual revolution, Watergate, the rise of importance of

Silicon Valley, Los Angeles decadence during the '80s...

and... most importantly... the radical changes in advertising

that came with computers, cable television, video, and the

absorption of junk mail into everyday life. John's involvement

with these events is critical to you being able to understand

the depth of his experience and knowledge as it relates to

advertising and marketing.

John has combined his degree in Psychology

from UC Davis, his passion for history, his wicked sense of

humor and his youth spent on the edge of Bohemia into a

powerful writing talent and a "feel" for what makes

people tick.

On today's mean streets of marketing, he is

truly the "best-of-the-best."

His assault on the advertising world started

with an old school education in direct mail. Typing on an

ancient IBM Selectric, crafting camera-ready production work

with hot wax and an x-acto knife.

Then WHAM!

Everything he knew became obsolete as technology exploded.

However, like every world-class craftsman, John stayed

immersed in educating himself. He's read hundreds of books

about writing and advertising. He personally sought out and

learned from the great men of the industry: He went from being

the high-paid, hot-shot freelancer Los Angeles agencies snuck

in the back door (to write the pieces they couldn't get their

staff to pull off) to writing on the inside with marketing

wizards like Jay Abraham and established copywriters like Jim

Rutz.

Circa 1988, I invited John to handle the big

desk chores at my Hollywood office on Sunset Boulevard. During

our long friendship, John has accompanied me on marketing

adventures that have changed the very nature of advertising

forever.

His education with me included convincing

famous celebrities to humiliate themselves on camera for

obscure ads... telling rooms full of millionaire executives

their ideas sucked (and making them like it)... saving

corporations from bankruptcy with campaigns we had to whip up

overnight (and then "con" the clients into running

the ads even though it ran against every fiber of their

being). We put on lavish seminars where people happily paid

$10,000+ just to glean a few nuggets of advice while John and

I ranted and babbled and goofed off without a plan. Being

enslaved to insane deadlines. Re-inventing modern advertising

for cable and the Internet. We were among the very first to do

infomercials, to advertise on the 'Net and make videos a

marketing industry.

John's had fun, brushes with death, helped

small men accumulate fortunes and watched helplessly as rich

corporations came tumbling down from their own idiocy. There's

no better way to learn how the world works than to roll up

your sleeves and get filthy with experience like this. He's

been stupid, smart, cursed, lucky, broke, well off, mocked,

worshiped, hated and loved.

And, he's learned something from every damned

minute of it.

John is a master of what I call "muscle

writing." He can write a brilliant ad on any subject no

matter how complex, technical or difficult. Yet, he makes each

ad easy to understand. Also, he writes it in such a way, it's

as impossible to stop reading as an Ian Fleming or a John D.

MacDonald novel.

He can identify and relate to every type of

customer... and... he can sell

to them. In 21 years as a prolific writer, John has had a

hand in selling nearly every product or service used by human

beings. His accomplishments include promoting an unlikely sex

manual for the conservative Rodale Press... and... John's

sales letter for that manual has been unbeatable for three

years... despite... constant attempts by other copywriters to write a different sales

letter that will pull in a higher percentage of orders.

Another of

John's achievements is his excellent promotion of a right wing

financial doomsday letter. John's "Package of

Paranoia" mailed successfully for seven years. (By the

way, had he been hired by a liberal

publisher, he would have written a sales letter from their

point of view which would have worked just as well.)

Then, there's the dozens of how-to-fight

videos from real-life street fighters and Navy SEALS...

which... has earned millions from a tiny, miniscule niche

market.

Plus

reams of other ads and letters written for shrinks, people

looking for mates, new computer products, chiropractors, diet

programs, precious metal investing, fund raisers and personal

letters which have motivated people to change their lives.

When

John's ads run in magazines (which often fill three pages of

copy) the entire look of the publication quickly changes as

other advertisers catch on... and... begin to imitate... his

hard-hitting writing style that is so effective at raking in

profits.

His

direct mail sales letters have long been used all over the

world as study guides for other writers. In fact, many

copywriters (including me) secretly come to John for marketing

help with their projects. You see, John has a soft spot for

helping people... because... no one helped him when he was

struggling in the early years. Once I heard this remark from

John:

"It's amazing how people can so readily crush someone's

dreams."

So

true and to the point.

But,

as John also remarked, "The

lesson is, don't look for anyone to cheer your success until

after you've arrived. Trust only those who believed in you

when things were tough. They are the gems who will brighten

your life."

College-educated,

street-trained, honed by years of intense work in the

trenches, John Carlton has quietly earned his place as one of

the best copywriters on the planet. While his demand for

privacy keeps him out of the limelight, in 1998 alone, he

turned down over $300,000 worth of jobs from well-known

marketers. He prefers to work with a handful of private

clients, though on occasion, he will take on new work.

He Is Truly A Man

Who Cherishes His

Laziness!

His fees have caused un-initiated clients to

choke... but... the results of his ads and mailing packages

often rake in multi-millions in profits for his clients.

So

what? Why should you care about all this? How does all this

fit into a newsletter you read because you want to suck more

fungolas out of the world for your own evil purposes?

You'll

soon find out. But, first, I have to tell you a little about

another of my friends, Joe Polish.

Joe

is 30 years old. He had a difficult childhood surrounded by

dysfunctional, drug-addicted, impoverished people. By sheer

force of will, he overcame all that and enrolled in New Mexico

State College in 1986. He worked various odd jobs until he

finished college in 1989. Then, he returned to Phoenix and

opened a carpet cleaning business. For two years he

floundered, barely keeping the business alive. Then, in 1992,

he read one of my newsletters. It was, I think, the one about

the "Halbert Index." He started using some of my

marketing techniques and turned his business around.

Later,

he began to study other marketing gurus like Dan Kennedy and

Jay Abraham and his business grew even more.

In

1994, Joe formed Polish & Burke which rapidly morphed into

Piranha Marketing with a mission to teach other carpet

cleaners the marketing secrets he had learned.

Piranha

Marketing did 1/4 million the first year, 1/2 million the

second and is now pulling in over a million per year... and...

still growing.

One

of the deals he offers his subscribers is membership in his

"Tape-Of-The-Month Club." This is where he

interviews a different expert every month on some aspect of

business or marketing.

It quickly became apparent these tapes were

not only valuable to carpet cleaners but... to

anyone... interested in increasing their bottom-line.

Joe's interviewed me, Dan Kennedy, Michael

Gerber and a couple dozen other people and the wisdom on these

tapes is invaluable. It costs $18.53 per month to be a member

of Joe's Tape-Of-The-Month Club... for which... you get the

tape of his current interview... as well as... the written

transcript.

Well, recently, Joe interviewed my friend John

Carlton... and... it is the most electric and revealing

interview (even better than his interview with me) Joe

has ever done. In fact, John was pouring forth so much

valuable info... that... for the first time... Joe's tape of

the month consisted of two tapes... and... you ought to

listen to those tapes.

When I

listened to them, I was reminded of our exciting times

together when John and I were working feverishly on "Operation

Moneysuck" which is a concept John explains

brilliantly on the tapes.

John also gets into...

x

Why

you should think of yourself as a "sales

detective" instead of just a copywriter...

x

How

to identify the real

hot buttons which make people buy...

x

His

work strategies that let him turn out killer sales

letters and ads time-after-time...

x

How

you start writing copy by "circling the

desk..."

x

How

he created a sensational "sex book ad" for

the conservative Rodale Press...

x

How

he created the "amazing, one-legged golfer"

package...

x

His

"human computer" stock wizard package...

x

How

to use the "shortcut" of endorsed

mailings...

x

How

to create headlines that go straight for the

jugular...

x

The

power of the blow-up photo of the microscopic dust

mite...

x

How

to create sales by pissing off your customers...

x

His

"lipstick-on-the-collar" concept...

x

How

mega-power guarantees pump up sales...

x

What

kind of free presents you should be giving your

customers...

x

Why

his headlines are so long...

x

Why

having a "swipe file" is essential...

x

Why

you need to reach for the outrageous limits of every

emotion including guilt, outrage, fear, greed and

suspicion.

I'm gonna stop now. There's so

much on these tapes, I could spend another couple of hours

trying to describe them all to you. You need to listen

to these and...

I've Arranged For You To

Have A "Free Listen" To Them!

What you do is, you call Joe Polish's office

(1-800-275-2643) and sign up for his Tape-Of-The-Month Club.

Tell the office you're one of my subscribers and they will

immediately send you the two tapes of Joe's interview with

John Carlton. These are yours to keep... no matter what.

After you listen to this interview, if you

don't want any more of the tapes of Joe's monthly interviews,

simply call his office and tell them you want to un-sign-up.

(I just made up that word.) If you do that, they won't send

you any more tapes... but... you still get to keep the tapes

of John's interview... and... you won't be out a single dime.

Another thing: If I were you... and... I had a

need for a serious, world-class

copywriter, I'd try

to get John Carlton. You can e-mail him at...

[email protected]

Now listen: Neither John nor Joe have any idea

I'm writing this. I don't get a penny in commissions if you

join Joe's Tape-Of-The-Month Club. I am making a strong

recommendation here with no financial motive whatsoever. I

want you to have the tapes of Joe's interview with John simply

because...

They Are So Damn Good!

So there.

By the way, in case you're out of the country

and can't call Piranha Marketing's 800 number, the direct line

is...

1-602-858-0008

Onward.

Back in the late '60s, I read a novel. I can't

remember the title but, I'll never forget though the story. It

was about one college professor who was jealous of another

professor who had become rich and famous by writing a series

of "how-to-become-a-success" type books.

The first professor decided he would discredit

the second guy. His plan was, he would read one of the

self-help books, follow its instructions to the letter... and

then... since he knew none of these instructions would

actually work... he would write a book exposing the

"how-to" book author as a fraud.

So, he read one of the books, followed all the

instructions... and... unfortunately for him...

His Life Started

Getting Better!

t  Setting goals did work.

t  Keeping a positive mental attitude did work.

t  Visualizing himself as the improved self he desired to be did

work.

t  Planning his work and working his plan did work.

Etc., etc., etc.

Ain't that a bitch? What's the world coming

to? You set out to discredit a man and then discover his

advice is actually helping you!

Anyway, I've got

another book in front of me now titled, If

I Knew Then What I Know Now. In this book, CEO's and other

smart executives share wisdom they wish they'd been told 25

years ago. It's pretty good. Here's one very short observation

from page 144 by a columnist named Whit Hobbs:

"Success

is waking up in the morning, whoever you are, however

old or young, and bounding out of bed because there's

something out there that you love to do, that you

believe in, that you're good at -- something that's

bigger than you are, and you can't hardly wait to get

at it again today."

What a great observation.

Listen: I'll tell you something: I teach

people all about how to do a mathematical, marketing

regression analysis, how to access Nasdaq Level II quotes, how

to massage complex statistics, how to create engineered

reciprocity, how to profitably navigate the Internet with

their PC's, and an endless variety of other complex,

highly-technical shit.

But you know what? The really important

wisdom... the stuff which will really

change your life... is simple. In fact, it's so

simple, it could rightly be considered downright corny.

I've been thinking: What if I were on my death

bed? What if I had only a few minutes left? What if God told

me to use those last few minutes to tell someone the single

most important thing I knew? What if it had to be the one

thing... that... in my opinion... would enhance their life

more than anything else I could ever tell them?

What would it be? Something about love?

Loyalty? Marketing or perhaps spirituality? Exercise, study

habits, nutrition, fitness, relationships? WHAT?

Nope. It wouldn't be any of that stuff. If it

could only be one thing, here is what I would teach you:

How You Should

Start Every Day For

The Rest Of Your Life!

1.

Set

your alarm clock to go off 10 minutes earlier

than usual.

2.

The

first thing, after you get up, is to

immediately remake your bed.

3.

Go to

the kitchen, pour yourself a glass of water

and drink it all.

4.

Go to

the bathroom, take care of

"business," brush your teeth, wash

the sleep out of  your face and eyes and

brush and comb your hair.

5.

Next,

put on some exercise clothes like sweatpants,

a sweatshirt and sneakers.

6.

Leave

the house immediately and take a 20-minute

walk.

7.

As soon

as you get back, woof down a nutritionally-dense

protein drink made by mixing the contents of a

packet of Myoplex, Met-RX or Lean Body with eight

ounces of fat-free milk and a banana.

8.

Scarf

down a packet of vitamins and minerals like

Dr. Julian Whitaker's "FORWARD

PLUS."

9.

Take a

shower.

10.

Dress

in fresh, crisp clothes and go about your day.

Pretty simple stuff, isn't it? But, I'll tell

you this: If you will do this every day in 1999, it will

create a more positive change in your life than anything else

you can do.

This regiment, although simple on the surface,

has profound and somewhat complex and far-reaching

psychological ramifications.

May I explain?

Thank you.

1.

Set your alarm to go off 10 minutes earlier than usual.

By getting a 10-minute earlier start, you tend to remove the

"urgency" many of us experience as soon as we wake

up. You'll feel less harried, less hurried and a bit more

peaceful.

2.

The first thing, after you get up, is to immediately

remake your bed. If you don't do this, you will be

starting your day... instantly... creating an "undone

chore" which will nag at the back of your mind for the

rest of the day. If you do do this, you will start the

day without having added a single, niggling little thing to

your "to do" list.

3.

Go to the kitchen, pour yourself a glass of water and

drink it all. You do NOT drink enough water. Nobody in

America does. Water is the elixir of elixirs. It flushes

toxins out of your body, provides an environment which lets

your electrolytes and all other aspects of your biochemistry

function at maximum efficiency.

4.

Go to the bathroom, take care of "business,"

brush your teeth, wash the sleep out of your face and eyes and

brush and comb your hair. You're getting ready for battle:

The battle to have a good day. Doing all the above will wake

you up a little, freshen you up a bit and

"set-you-up" to get going.

5.

Next, put on some exercise clothes like sweatpants, a

sweatshirt and sneakers. Make this a ritual. You are

dressing for battle: An assault on the forces of negativism.

6.

Leave the house immediately and take a 20-minute walk.

You're outside, you're breathing fresh air, you're getting

your circulation going, you're becoming more mentally alert.

Some of the fog begins to lift from your mind. You begin to

notice your environment, see the colors of the fall foliage,

the bloom of a spring flower, the dew on the grass on a summer

morning, the untrodden snow in mid-winter. NOTE: This is NOT

exercise. This is a loosening up; a "defogging" of

your mind and allowing your body to gently warm up for

its daily tasks.

7.

As soon as you get back, woof down a

nutritionally-dense protein drink made by mixing the contents

of a packet of Myoplex, Met-RX or Lean Body with eight ounces

of fat-free milk and a banana. This will infuse your body

with nearly all the vitamins, minerals, electrolytes, and

other good stuff to help your body and mind function at peak

throughout the day.

8.

Scarf down a packet of vitamins and minerals like

Dr. Julian Whitaker's "FORWARD PLUS." More

insurance you're getting the minimum (at least) ingredients

your body needs to run efficiently.

9.

Take a shower. Part of the ritual of getting ready

to battle the day.

10.

Dress in fresh, crisp clothes and go about your day.

Ritual completed. You're loosened up, oxygenated, clean,

crisp, nourished, starting your day with no added baggage.

Is this the perfect way to start a day? No,

but it's a very good way. Maybe someday, after your 20-minute

walk, you'll extend it to some power-walking, a jog or a run.

After your roadwork, maybe you'll pump a little iron.

But, that's for the future. Maybe. Don't think

about it now. Just give the above routine a shot for seven

weeks and I guarantee your life will be better. Much better.

It may sound funny and incredibly simplistic but, that's the

advice I'd give you if I could only give you one piece of

advice. It's based on years of exhaustive personal research on

my part... that proves... the best way to get a good day

started is to...

Get Up And

Get Going!

Here's a few odds and ends: My Viagra research

in Brazil went very well. There's only a handful of Americans

in Rio and they are not particularly eager to encourage other

Americans to go there. Neither am I.

There's a website I think some of you

(certainly not all of you) should visit. It's www.realdoll.com.

These people make synthetic women. Not blow-up dolls, but

rather, these things are extremely realistic, "real"

fake women. Howard Stern had one on his show. They sell for

$6,000+ and the shipping cost alone is $700.00. These

dealybops are so realistic, they've got me thinking: If this

is available now...

Just Think What You'll

Be Able To Buy Five

Years From Now!

Still pining for your ex-wife? Send in a photo

of her and an audio tape of her voice and they'll make a new

and improved, more "user friendly" version of her

for you.

Fantasizing about Claudia Schiffer, Pamela Lee

or the current Playmate of the month? Custom-order her from

someplace like www.realdoll.com

five years from now and I bet they'll replicate her for you

complete with programming so she will respond only to your

voice with the type of moaning and groaning you want to hear: "Oh

baby, you're so big!"

Or, "Oh, my God! It's never been like this for me before!"

Real relationships are rapidly reaching

redundancy. Why put up with a whining bitching mate when you

can have all the good stuff with none of the bad?

WARNING: This is an X-rated website. So

don't go there if you will be offended. On the other

hand, if you do visit the site, be sure to check out the FAQ's

(Frequently Asked Questions).

You know, the truth is, pornography is often

at the forefront of technology. The real reason I want you to

visit this site is not to get some libidinous thrill.

The real reason is, of all the sites I've seen on the 'Net,

this is the one that has most amazed me.

You'll see.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

God

bless you and MERRY CHRISTMAS and HAPPY HANUKKAH! Take

care of yourself. Be safe during the holidays and have

a joyous New Year.

As ever, Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.