SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/aslz_winners_losers.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:24
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend & Subscriber,

It's almost here. The new year stretches before us like

365 blank pages of a personal diary.

What will be written on those pages by this time next

year? Will it be a tale of health, wealth, romance and

wondrous prosperity? Or will those pages tell a story of

misery, slime and sadness? There's only one thing for sure... whatever is written on those pages will be authored by you and me!

Isn't that neat? Just think... each of us is writing

our own personal action adventure... and...

We Can Make It

Come Out Anyway

We Want!

More than anything now, my job has evolved to one of

teaching. I teach through this newsletter, through my audio

tapes and videos, through my seminars and sometimes, as a

guest speaker at other people's seminars.

And you know, every time I stand on a stage and look

out at a sea of expectant faces, I ponder a bit on how some of

the people in the audience are going to take the info I give

them and go forth and make millions. And others... well, those

others are going to remain losers no matter what I or anybody

else ever teaches them. What is the difference between the

winners and the losers? Is it intelligence, breeding,

"connections," education... what?

I'll tell you something: This issue of my newsletter is

going to make a lot of my readers very uncomfortable. Why?

Simply because I know the difference between winners

and losers and, in this issue, I'm going to put the choice

right dead square in your face. I'm going to give you an

extraordinarily simple set of instructions and, if you do what

I say, your chances of becoming extremely prosperous are going

to be magnified by a factor of at least 1,000!

But most of you are not going to follow these simple

instructions. I know that already from past experience. And I

even know already the reasons you're going to give for not

doing what I suggest. These are the same reasons everybody

(including me) nearly always gives for not doing something

which will make our lives better. One of those reasons is not

enough time, right?

Well, that reason is not going to wash here because the

time involved is just one lousy day. Think of it: I'm saying

you only have to give up one

day to give yourself a 1,000 times better shot at

mega-prosperity.

And another reason is not enough money, right?

Sorry... that reason is not going to wash here either

because the money involved will probably amount to about $8.00

to $90.00 depending on where you live. And surely, even the

most directly-financially stressed of any of us can scratch up

that kind of dough, can we not?

And finally, we come to the reason that pisses me off

to no end every time I hear it. It makes my blood boil. It

infuriates me. And, this reason is only given by people who

have no understanding whatsoever

of what it is that really separates the achievers from the

pathetic. This reason for not doing something is: "You

don't really have to experience something to understand what

it is all about." Dummies who use this kind of reasoning

are people who smoke and proclaim they truly do understand

they are risking lung cancer. It's just not true. Go to the

Stehlin Cancer Foundation in Houston, Texas and hang out with

some patients who have advanced lung cancer, all of whom got

it from smoking, and ask any of them if they now believe that,

in the past, when they were smoking, they truly

understood what they were risking. Men can never truly

understand what it is to have a baby. Non-alcoholics can never

truly understand alcoholism. Straight people can never

understand what it is to be gay. Gays can't hope to thoroughly

comprehend what it is to be straight. And...

Spectators Can Never Understand

What It Is To Be A Player!

Oh shut up. I know you don't like this issue but, as I

see my job, every once in a while I have to risk your

displeasure and give you a core message you must

understand if you really, really, really want to be a winner.

So, all I'm saying is, don't give me that crap about how you

don't have to do the simple task I'm going to give you because

you have the mysterious ability to understand something

even if you don't experience it. By reading about it, maybe.

Or watching it on TV. Or listening to some audio tapes. Yes, I

know... you are blessed. All you have to do is

go to a concert and... SHAZAM!... you can immediately

understand what it takes to be a stage musician.

Why am I blathering on about this? Let's go back to

where I'm standing on that stage looking out a sea of

expectant faces. You know what the hardest thing it is for a

caring teacher like me to do? I'll tell you... it's not to

explain something to my audience. That's relatively easy. No,

my friend, the real challenge is to make my message real

to that audience. You see, anyone who understands for

real what it is like to have lung cancer will never smoke.

And anyone who understands for

real the truth of how my marketing methods can change

their lives will then...

Go Do What I Teach

And Get Rich!

Here's a little story that illustrates the difference

between "intellectual" knowing and knowing

knowing. A few days ago I got a call from Ben Suarez and it

reminded me of what happened once when he was visiting me in

L.A. We were in my boat in Marina Del Rey and slowly making

our way out to the open ocean. The boat was a 23 foot center

console Mako with two 115 horsepower Evinrudes clamped

to the stern. Anyway, as we were sedately chugging along, Ben

remarked he "knew" this boat was fast. I challenged

him on that. I told him he only had a bullshit intellectual

idea the boat was fast, that he really didn't know it

at all. Ben said he didn't understand. I told him not to

worry, soon enough I would make my point.

Well, we get about a mile out into the Pacific Ocean

and I stop the boat. "Hang on to the rail by the

console," I tell Ben. "And bend your knees. And open

your mouth as though you were getting ready to scream."

He was getting ready to scream, he just didn't

know it yet. So... I looked over at Ben to make sure he was

all set and then I floored that sucker. Wheoo! That boat

leaped forward like a big-assed bird trying to outrace a

shotgun blast. We ploughed through the waves like a freight

train gone wild. The wind from the slip stream tightened back

the skin on our faces and made our eyeballs bulge. The ocean

spray lashed out at us like a spurned lover from hell. Part of

the time we were actually airborne, clear

out of the water! We were slamming, sloughing, leaping and

Bengieballs was screaming for all he was worth...

"Oh Lord!

Oh Jesus!  Oh

Shit!

Holy Mary!  Oh My

God!

Oh  My

God!   Oh

My  God...

This Boat Is Fast!"

And then he knew. Really knew.

And it's that difference, the difference between

"intellectually" knowing and really knowing

that can save your life... or make you rich.

Enough preamble. Now it's time for me to give you your

little assignment. And, after I give you this assignment, I'm

going to explain the significance of it to you in minute

detail. And, after my explanation, the more dense of my

readers will say, "Hey yeah, this makes sense to me. I

understand what he's getting at so... there's no real need for

me to actually do this little exercise."

Is that you? If so, you lose. Because you cannot

understand what I'm getting at unless you do the

assignment. And, if you do do the assignment...

Your Lust For Money Will

Be Energized Beyond Belief

For All The Rest Of Your Life!

Here is your assignment: I want you to place a

classified ad in the largest circulation newspaper in your

area. Here is what the ad should say:

Housewives

wanted to address

envelopes at home. You must

have a typewriter or good

handwriting. Call 000-0000.

I want you to run this ad in the "help

wanted" section of the classifieds exactly the way

it is written above. The only acceptable change whatsoever is

maybe changing the word "housewives" to

"part-time workers" and you should only make this

change if the newspaper forces you to. Sometimes

newspapers will insist you make a change like this because

advertising for housewives is sexist (they say) and shows

prejudice against men.

Anyway, running this ad is the first part of your

assignment. The second part is you personally take all

the calls this ad will generate. Also, you should take these

calls on a single line phone.

You know, back in the days when the likes of Ben Suarez

and his brother Rick were working for me, I used to insist

that key employees complete this little assignment and, nearly

always, my employees thought I was a little nuts. But, since

they depended on me for their paychecks, they didn't have much

choice in the matter and here is what would always happen...

which will also happen when you do this assignment:

1.

First,

you will be awakened before

dawn by someone answering the ad.

2.

By

7 a.m. or 8 a.m. your phone will be ringing with some

frequency.

3.

By

10 a.m. you will learn not to hang-up the phone but to

merely depress the disconnect button because, as soon

as you release the button, the phone will ring again.

4.

The

phone will continue to ring for days and, although I'm

only asking you personally take the calls for just

1-day, by the time your phone stops ringing entirely

(some two weeks later) you will have received hundreds

of calls.

5.

Some

of the callers will ring back twice, three times and

more.

Etc.

So what's the point? Ah, not so fast, my friend. Before

I get to that, you're going to have to endure even more of my

fatuous drivel. Be patient. This drivel is relevant.

Ready? OK. Once upon a time when I was publishing this

newsletter from Los Angeles, I got a call from one of my

subscribers who was selling a very high-priced service

to companies who were (or should be) doing business with

Pacific Rim countries. "How to get the attention of these

companies?" that was their question.

"Do this," I says. "Go to

Deak-Perrara and get some paper currency from each of the

Pacific Rim countries. Get the lowest denomination bills you

can. Then put a bill from each different country into a bundle

and attach that bundle of bills to the top of the first page

of a personally-typed letter. The letter should be dated, have

an inside address, and be sent first-class or better yet, via

Federal Express. The letter should begin by telling the

recipient to hold that bundle of money in one hand while he

holds the letter in the other hand and reads it. The letter

should go on to say the money the reader is holding in his

hand is only a microscopic sample of the money he and

his company is missing out on by not using the firm the writer

of the letter works for to help capture a share of the Pacific

Rim market."

My callers (there were two of them) were elated. They

sang my praises. They said this was a great idea.

Time passes. About a month later they ring back wanting

to talk some more and perhaps pick up another good idea or

two. "How did that last mailing go?" I asked.

"The one where you attached the bundle of bills?"

"Oh, we haven't gotten around to that yet,"

they say. "But we think it was an exciting idea and we'd

like to pick your brain some more."

"No way," I said to them. "I'm going to

hang up and, quite frankly, I have no interest in ever

talking to you again!"

They couldn't believe it. How could I be so

insufferable? It was easy. You see, I am often very short with

people who approach me as players and then I find out they are

really only voyeurs. Listen, you want to know what is

one of the major differences between winners and losers? It is

simply...

Movement!

Winners go out and get going before they know

all the answers or even most of the answers. Losers

will study a problem endlessly to make sure they don't do

anything "rash." Would you like to know a few

"clues" that suggest the person you're talking with

probably is not now nor ever will be an effective money-making

machine? OK, I'll tell you. But remember these signs are not

infallible; there are exceptions. However, whenever you

come across one of these signs, at the very least, a little

red flag should pop up in your mind to warn you that maybe

(probably) you are talking to a time-waster.

Clue

#1.

The

person has a college degree beyond that of a B.S.

Look, college doesn't teach anyone how to make money.

In fact, from that point-of-view, a college education has a negative

value. And, of course, a smart student will learn this long

before four years are up. However, a "voyeur,"

someone who wants to hide-out from life, can escape reality

for years by going after a master's or a doctorate degree.

But wait. You've always heard college-educated people

earn more money than non-college-educated people, right? Sure,

that is true in general but, for that observation to be

correct, it should be stated thusly:

A Non-Player With A

College Degree Will Usually

Make More Money Than

Another Non-Player Without One

Of course, players often make 100 times or 1,000

times or 10,000 times more than non-players with or without

degrees! You know, once upon a time, a salt-of-the-earth

businessman (not me) was at a society cocktail party when the

hostess found out he didn't have a college degree and

expressed her condolences.

"Oh, don't worry," replied the businessman,

"it's really OK. You see, I've got about 150 guys with

degrees working for me!"

Clue

#2:

The

person knows how to operate a personal computer.

I'll admit there are a few exceptions but, for the most

part, anyone who knows how to run a PC is a clerk.

Usually, this is such a person that likes to bury himself in

technological effluvium in order to avoid the exhilarating,

exciting and terrifying real work of a player which is,

of course... SELLING!

You know, whenever someone starts bragging to me about

how well his operation is computerized, I groan inwardly

because it is almost certain that person has totally neglected

the truly important aspects of his business.

Know this: For the most part, computers are the

concern of clerks, typists, underlings and children... not

players!

Clue

#3:

The

person has to "talk-it-over" with someone

else before he can commence movement.

This could be his spouse, his partner, his banker, his

lawyer, his Daddy, his Mommy or whomever. This is the kind of

person who aligns himself with other non-players because he

doesn't realize...

Two Or More Sissies Can

Never Equal 1-Pair Of Testicles!

And by the way, these days, I see a lot of women who

have more balls than the sorry men in their lives.

Clue

#4:...

No wait! I'm getting off track here! Enough about

clues. Let's see, what was supposed to be the point of this

newsletter anyway? Oh yeah, I was going to tell you the reason

you should run that little ad for housewives to address

envelopes. Look, that ad, including the phone number, contains

only 17 words. Yet, because it is so "on-target,"

because it penetrates

precisely into the profound

needs and desires of a huge segment of population... that

little ad is a button that starts up a huge engine of desire.

It will cause a "river-of-need" to be diverted onto

your property. What that means, of course, is you can harness

the power of that river to achieve your own noble objectives.

(Such as making lots of money.) But you will never fully

understand that river (and thus be able to harness its

power) until you become intimate with it. That's why you

have to take the calls yourself. So, when you listen to the

callers, you can hear how much, how very

much, they want this kind of work. You will be able to feel

their need, to identify with it. To understand it... for

real.

And something will change in you, my friend. All of a

sudden you will know (truly know) that words on paper really

can produce results! And once you know that, really

know it, this business of direct response begins to get very

exciting. Your fungola-seeking antennae will begin to function

better. You'll become "tuned-in" to looking for

other "pockets-of-needs." And, because you have

experienced this one first-hand, then you will be able to

identify another when you come across it. No longer will you

see an overweight person as just another porker. No, you will

see that person as a fat, little, walking-talking cash

register. No longer will you see the coming depression as a

threat. No, you will begin to realize that... if you can find

the right combination of words to direct the emotion generated by the economic slump... then maybe you

can do so in a manner which will enrich and profit you and

others. What I'm saying is...

If

You Do What I Say And Let This

Change Take Place Inside You Then, You

Will Be Automatically More Tuned-In To

"Pockets-Of-Need" And Your Mind

Will Begin To Show You How To Pick

Those Pockets In An Ethical Way

That Makes You Rich!

Look, I'm having trouble with this. I'm not explaining

it very well. Words are inadequate. You literally have to

experience what I'm talking about to be able to understand.

So... if you really want to give yourself a shot at the brass

ring, then...

Run The Damn Ad!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

(a porker with a sense of humor who doesn't want nasty letters

from other porkers without one)

P.S.

Nuts, I'm not

satisfied yet. This is one of the most important things I've

ever tried to communicate to you and I

have the feeling you think I'm looney tunes. Look, what

stops people from doing something is often the simple fact they

don't know... really know...

it can be done.

Case in point: For over a hundred years nobody was able

to run a mile in under four minutes. No one "really

knew" it could be done. Then, Roger Bannister did it and lo

and behold...

Dozens Of Other People Did

It Right After Him!

Because

now they knew it could be done.

P.S.#2

I had a very nice visit recently from

Larry Brown, one of my Lifetime subscribers who lives in some

dreadful place (Michigan) where the sun don't shine. (By the

way, after God created earth, whenever he decided a certain

part of it was fit for human habitation, he planted palm trees

so we'd know where to settle down.) Anyway, like I said, it

was nice spending a few days with Larry except he drove me

crazy by constantly insulting the mother of some guy named Lee

who also lives up there in no-man's land. Whatever. In any

case, one day we are out on the mighty Original Sea Hunt and I

give Larry the wheel (we were up in the tuna tower) and I go

below to take a nap. Larry couldn't believe it. Not only had

he never driven a boat like mine before, he also had never

even been out in the ocean. Well, guess what he discovered?

(1) He discovered he could run the boat. Even without hardly

any preparation. (2) He discovered it was both

terrifying and exciting. (3) He discovered when it got rough

(like when the water started coming over my 18 foot tower) he

could get help.

Look, I'm going to take a liberty here and give you Larry's

phone number. It's (313)

476-9645 and, if you doubt the importance of the message

in this issue...  call

Larry and ask him if he could ever possibly have understood

what it is like to run a small boat out in rough water in the

Gulfstream (only 70 miles from Cuba)... without

actually doing it! (There's a moral here somewhere.)

P.S.#3

I

almost never let anyone mail to my subscribers but, I've made

an exception. One of the best copywriters I've ever met is a

guy named Brad Antin who has been a tremendous help at

my seminars. Anyway, you'll soon get a pitch from him for a

900# seminar in Las Vegas and, if you're interested in this

area, give it your consideration.

P.S.#4

Hire

at least one of the people who answer your help wanted ad.

After all, you can always use someone to address

envelopes if you're running a real direct response

business, now can't you?

Peace.

Click Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.