SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/azdx_internetsecrets.html
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:58
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

At

the risk of ruining my reputation for modesty, I am going to

make a rather bold statement...

I

Now Honestly Believe

I Know More About How To

Increase The Profit Of A Website

Than Anyone Else On Earth!

I'm

not kidding. I really do believe that is an accurate statement.

Here's a true story: I was visited recently by a man named Ed

Dale from Australia. (He has since moved to England.) Ed is

one of those very rare people who started a profitable dot.com

company and then... SOLD IT FOR CASH... at the peak of the frenzy.

Then, Ed took the cash from the sale of his dot.com company

and made some shrewd investments and even shrewder business

decisions. And so, his fortune has now multiplied to double

digit millions.

Ed

has now started to create websites and has set out to learn

everything he can about how to make those websites more profitable.

He told me recently every marketing book he has read, every

audio or video tape he has listened to or watched, every seminar

he has attended, all pointed him to me, Sir Gary of Halbert,

as the best copywriter and direct marketer online today.

Naturally,

I would be the last to deny that... so... when Ed rang me up

on the blower (that's Australian meaning 'he called me on the

phone') I invited him to visit me in Miami. I learned a lot

about Ed during our visit. One of the things I learned about

him is, he always attempts to seek out and then work with only

the very top people in their chosen fields of expertise. Another

(of many) things I learned was Ed had five operating websites...

and... each of those websites was as different from each other

as they could possibly be.

I'm

listing them for you here:

www.massagetherapysuccess.com

www.weddingplanningsecrets.com

www.troutfishingsecrets.com

www.pianoisfun.com

www.fraps.com

That's

quite a unique mixture of websites, wouldn't you agree? I can't

imagine how any five websites could be more different in content

than those five are from each other.

Anyway,

Ed and I chatted for a bit and then I told him about how I know

more about increasing website profits than anyone else in the

world. And, we made a dinner bet. The bet was, I could show

him how to make a simple change to each of his websites which

would exponentially increase his profits... immediately... on

each of the sites. If I failed, I'd owe him dinner. If

I won, he'd owe me dinner. I also told him this was only one

of about a dozen website profit breakthroughs I had made...

And

Nobody Else In The World

Knows About Them!

Let

us mush on: Ed returns to Australia and makes the change I told

him to make to all five of his websites. Soon, he calls me:

"Well mate, it looks like I owe you a dinner!"

"Why

is that?" I asked, "did my suggestion work

out for you?"

"Work

out? Bloody oath mate! What you told me to do increased the

profitability of every one of my five websites... immediately!

The lowest profit increase was 300% and the highest was about

1,000%!" (NOTE: I'll bet you a dollar to a donut that

anybody who visits those sites will not be able to detect the

profit-making secret I had Ed incorporate in them. It's something

so sophisticated... even though it's elegantly simple... it's

invisible to almost everybody.)

Anyway,

I then reminded him this was only one of about a dozen

secrets I have developed to increase website profitability.

And, that if he would come to my Miami seminar (the one I just

finished), he could learn the other secrets.

What

Ed did amazed me...

First,

he moved from Australia to London to be closer to me and the

United States. Then, he DID attend my seminar... and... he was

one of the guest speakers.

Ed

Dale and I have now made a business arrangement. I am no longer

for hire as a copywriter. I won't take on a single client. All

I'm going to do from now on is work with Ed, keep writing my

newsletter and, finish up a few unfinished marketing chores

I owe a few people.

By

the way, this seminar had fewer attendees than any other seminar

I have ever given since I started writing my newsletter back

in 1986. It was kept very small deliberately because my #1 Trusty

Assistant Theresa couldn't be there to help me. She is now living

with her dying father and is serving him as his primary caregiver.

So,

to keep the seminar small, I only notified a fraction of my

readers about it. And, it turns out, a lot of those I did notify

were struggling with the loss of their homes and/or businesses

caused by Hurricane Isabel. Others lucky enough not to lose

their physical structures, had to deal with the loss of their

electricity, phone service, computer access, fax lines, etc.

I

actually had more website experts to help me with the

seminar than I had seminar attendees. So, you know what we did?

We gave each attendee a great deal of personal

attention which would have been impossible under any other circumstances.

And, we had the luxury of making this the most informative,

useful, personal... and... intense... Internet/website seminar

in all of recorded history.

For

example, I had every single attendee tell me all about his or

her website or, the website they were getting ready to put on

the web. Then, I told every one of them... in exact detail...

what they could do to improve the profitability of their website.

I

told a few of them they should change the product they were

selling. You see, many people believe the Internet is SO BIG,

you can use it to sell anything. That's not true. Not if you

want to make really BIG profits. If you want to make really

serious money on the Internet, you have to limit yourself to

a surprisingly small category (percentage-wise) of products

or services you offer for sale on your site.

As

I write this, I have at my side, a folder telling me (in rank

order) the top 10,000 websites in the world. If your website

is not among the top 10,000 sites, you are not making

really, really serious money with your website. You might be

making what you consider a lot but, you will be missing out

on the truly humongous fungolas you could be raking in. So,

one of the most important secrets I revealed at my seminar was...

How

To Select A Product Or Service That...

When Sold Via The Internet... Will...

Almost Guarantee You Make HUGE Profits!

And,

why not? It costs the same amount of time and energy to sell

a really profitable product or service as it does to create

and maintain a site which only makes peanuts.

So,

let's say you are selling one or more of those hugely-profitable

products or services on your website. What is the first thing

you should pay a lot of attention to? I am literally amazed

no one else teaches this! Can you guess what it is?

It's

The NAME

Of Your Website!

Come

closer. Pay attention here. Everybody in marketing with even

half-a-brain knows the HEADLINE is the most important part of

any ad. And, don't you get it that when it comes to websites...

the NAME of your site... IS is the headline?!

People

pay thousands and thousands to get the top position when someone

types a search phrase into a search engine which relates to

what they are selling.

So,

there they are, right in the top ten results of a website search...

with... a few poorly written sentences describing their site

(written in blue) and the name of their website hidden at the

bottom of the few lines of copy describing their site.

Know

this: Burn it into your mind: Those first few

sentences which describe your site... plus... the actual NAME

of your site are, by far...

The

Most Important Words

On Your Entire Website!

Look,

when people type a search word or a search phrase into a search

engine, they do NOT necessarily click on the sites which pop

up in the first three or four results. No. What they do is,

they glance down the list of those top ten sites and read the

brief descriptions of each site... and... the name of each website.

The

one they really click on first (and you DO want

it to be yours) is the one with the most enticing copy describing

the website... and... the most enticing website name.

It's

like they are glancing at headlines in a newspaper to see what

stories they want to read. And, most website descriptive copy

and website names seem to have been written by marketing imbeciles.

Listen, these words are, by far, the most important words on

your entire website. More thought and effort should go into

these few lines of descriptive copy (and name) of your website

than everything else that is on your site... combined!

It's so simple, I feel like I'm writing to morons that I even

have to explain it... but... I'm going to explain it anyway...

If

The Few Lines Of Descriptive Copy About Your Website

(And The Name Of Your Website) Are NOT Written To Grab

A Great Deal Of Immediate Attention... Nobody... Will Click

On The Link And Read Your Website... And... Therefore...

NOBODY WILL BUY ANYTHING FROM YOU!

I

don't know how to make it any clearer. If you cannot understand

the obvious truth of what I have just written, you are truly

beyond all hope.

Now, for many of you, I am going to make your day.

I

suspect what I am going to write next is going to put smiles

on the faces of people all over the world.

Remember

how I wrote a few newsletters ago about how I was NOT going

to be selling the tapes of my Internet/website seminar? I was

not lying to you. Not intentionally anyway.

But,

when I got to the seminar, I was pulled aside by my good friend

Carlos Duran and, he told me he had made arrangements for the

hotel (The Embassy Suites) to audio tape the entire seminar.

He told me he wanted to have tapes of the event, even if it

was just for archival reasons. What the heck? I didn't see how

it could hurt anything. And then, something strange happened:

About one-third of the way through the seminar, I realized this

was turning out to be the best seminar on how to make website

profits in all of history.

And

so, I have decided I will sell the tapes. Not only that, I made

another decision:

I

Made The Decision

To Sell The Tapes At A

Dirt-Cheap, Low Price!

This

presented me with a particular problem. Here I was, standing

in front of a small group of people who had paid nearly $6,000

to attend my seminar plus all their hotel and travel expenses.

And, three of these people had come all the way from Singapore.

Do you know how much it costs to fly round trip from Singapore?

I just looked it up. It's somewhere in the vicinity of $3,000.00

or more.

Maybe

some of the attendees would not have come to the seminar...

if... they had known in advance they would be able to buy the

tapes... and especially... if they knew the dirt-cheap price

I was going to charge for the tapes.

But,

there was no way they could have known any of that because...

I didn't know I was going to do this myself. So, I decided to

make a little "pitch" to the attendees. This is what

I said:

"Look,

this is turning out to be a truly spectacular seminar.

So spectacular, in fact, I want to share it with the

world by selling the audio tapes of this event. But,

I can see how many of you would resent that after paying

so much to be here in person. So, I want to make a deal

with you.

"First,

I will give you some secret website techniques for making

profits that I had already decided I wasn't going

to share with anybody.

"Secondly,

right here and right now, I will change the agenda of

this seminar so I can go over everybody's website and

tell you personally and individually how to immediately

increase the profits of your site.

"And,

if that's not enough, I will give you the right to call

me about any of your website problems for the next 18-months

and I will do my best to help you... without any charge!"

Everybody

in that room LOVED my proposal. So, guess what? If you want

to, you are going to be able to buy the tapes... and... you

are going to be able to buy them at far less than what my seminar

attendees had to pay. I have reasons for doing this and I will

explain those reasons at the end of this letter.

But

now, for the first time in my life, I'm going to do something

I've never done before. Instead of me writing a sales letter

to entice you to buy the tapes of this seminar... I'm

going to let my attendees do it for me!

Below

are the actual letters I received from the people who attended

my live seminar. Give them a quick read and then decide for

yourself if my seminar was just maybe the absolute best seminar

on making website profits anyone has ever experienced:

Dear

Gary,

I

realized what I hate most: Flying in an airplane

for 20 hours. But if you are going to put on another

seminar with a $5,000 price tag, guess what? I would

still go on a dumb plane and fly 20 hours

to attend your seminar! Here is why:

I learned about a drug (which was completely unknown

to me) that quite possibly, will make me a million

dollars within the next 24-months.

I learned your secret on how to (at least) double

my website profits.

I got to meet some great minds in marketing.

I learned how to place ads in newspapers at a

huge discount off rate cards.

I just learned about the most important thing

I can ever do for my business.

I've

read in your newsletter, "much of what I say

is timely, but much of what I say is also timeless."

And what I learned in this Internet seminar is timeless.

Terry

Ryan

Singapore

Dear

Gary,

As

a long time reader of "The Gary Halbert Letter,"

I thought I had an idea of what to expect from this

seminar.

Boy,

was I wrong!

On

Day 1, I received at least two ideas that

I put into action... THAT SAME NIGHT!

Day

2 taught me more about copywriting by listening

to real-world critiques than I ever had listening

to tapes or reading books.

Day

3 is where the money is for my business. I learned

one strategy to use in my Internet marketing efforts

that will GUARANTEE a 500% increase in my

business. I want to thank you for allowing John

Reese the opportunity to share this tactic.

In

all, I am walking away from this experience a wiser

man. My gratitude for this cannot be expressed in

words.

Bill

Kent

Houston, Texas

Dear

Gary,

I

got turned onto Gary Halbert when I was 23 years

old. I'm now 25 and have made over One Hundred

Thousand Dollars using the insider secrets given

to me by Gary. After this Internet seminar, I'm

ready to make 5 million dollars in the next two

years.

The

future of making money on the Internet has just

had the door blown off it... and... Gary Halbert

is leading the charge behind the captain's chair

of an MA1 mobile tank fleet. Thanks Gary for giving

my finances air in a world drowning with money problems.

Denice

Cantaloni

Miami, FL

Dear

Gary,

I've

been to many of your seminars. However, this one

was by far the best! After having read at least

a dozen books alleging to teach me how to make money

with a website, your course this weekend taught

more proven, simple and workable keys to actually

DOING that (and easily) than all those books combined!

This knowledge could be worth a literal fortune

in Internet profits for most anyone who applies

it. Thank you so very much.

Mark

Gordon

Seattle, WA

Dear

Gary,

As

experienced Internet marketers, my team and I didn't

come to this workshop looking for the basics...

but... came for those unexpected points of view

(Gary's hallmark) which spawns two or three important

new ideas. You gave us five or six. As always, Gary's

workshops deliver.

Gerald

Ledford

Albuquerque, NM

Dear

Gary,

Your

October, 2003 Internet/website seminar was phenomenal!

I'm

just starting out in the Internet/website business

and your seminar provided me all of the essential

tools to make money in the Internet... including

how to write a winning sales letter, secrets to

setting up a profitable website and much, much more.

Within

the next ten days, I'll have my website making money...

and I'll be on my way to a very successful Internet

business. Thanks a million.

Robert

Brown

Boston, MA

Dear

Gary,

"Thank

you" seems thin... what I want is something

that has more muscle... something with "heft"...

something... something GRAND! What do you say to

someone who has been so generous... not only with

the invitation... but with the presentation?

People

have asked me, 'was it worth it?' I tell them that

I saw someone who was tops in his field deliver

with total generosity everything he had.

I had the privilege to be in he room with his peers,

to be treated as one of them! "What? WHAT?

Was it worth it? Are you NUTS?" I say, "OF

COURSE IT WAS WORTH IT! Those three days have changed

my life. What I learned is multi-layered, and it

will be percolating through my being for a long

time as I digest the content."

Really,

"thank you", (as well meaning as it is)

does not say what I feel. The only thing I can think

to do is, "do" what you taught. To go

out there and work and someday say, "Gary Halbert

taught me that." I just want to live up to

the opportunity you gave us.

Jackie,

who had no thought of marketing anything is now

fired up and ready to go. In changing my life, you

have inadvertently changed hers. NOW... there is

the greatest gift of all.

Really

Gary, you are the guru of words... What Can I Say?

Muchicimas Gracias! Vaya con Dios! Just know, you

will always be there until the last beat of my heart.

Darn, I always seem to get mushy even though I don't

want to... I'll have to work on that.

Bernice

Edwards

Portland, OR

Dear

Gary,

I

have learned more about making money online in three

days with you... than... I have the past four years

paying through the nose following the so-called

Internet gurus.

Naomi

Walker

Farmingdale, NY

Dear

Gary,

I

have gained invaluable insights on copywriting in

this seminar. And your simple tips on how to make

my website more profitable will definitely work!

Toni

Yong

Singapore

Dear

Gary,

This

has been the most beneficial seminar I have ever

attended. I have learned so many tips and strategies

for marketing...

My

Brain Is Throbbing!

The

seminar was excellent in itself but, talking to

the other attendees was like participating in mini-seminars

and mentoring by experts in the field.

This

seminar has been a giant "payback" for

all the good deeds I have done in my life.

Jackie

Gibson

Portland, OR

Dear

Gary,

I

came to your seminar hoping to walk away with one

really good idea. Instead, I am walking away with...

43 incredibly great ideas!

Lorenzo

Vaughn

Toronto, Canada

Dear

Gary (and to anyone else who is reading this),

I've

attended many of Gary's seminars over the years.

The truth is, this web seminar was the very best

if you are serious about making your fortune on

the web. Without the tapes, you are almost guaranteed

to fail. With them... the only way you can fail

is... if you don't listen to them!

Kevin

King

Grand Rapids, MI

Dear

Gary,

I

have a background in anthropology... which means...

I have almost no knowledge of marketing. After attending

Gary Halbert's seminar, my learning curve has skyrocketed.

Anita

Kirkpatrick

Phoenix, AZ

Dear

Gary,

Thanks

for all the copywriting tips. Especially the secrets

you shared about bullets, headlines, the best time

and place to write copy, and the one secret that

was worth the cost of the seminar... what special

process you should use to accept orders that will

double your own orders.

Automatically

include my name for sign up at your next seminar.

Oh, and would you do me a favor? Please, please,

please, do not make tapes of this seminar available

to the public.

Gary

McClure

Jacksonville, FL

Dear

Gary,

No

one can show you how direct marketing techniques

can be used to make tons of money on the Internet

better than Gary Halbert.

Geoffrey

Allen

Albuquerque, NM

Dear

Gary,

Finding

the real thing in a world which has learned to accept

the "fair" copy as the norm is a mind

expanding experience. Gary Halbert really "is"

the man he is reputed to be. His presentation is

sharp and to the point. He condenses the most pertinent

points into the time allotted without crowding the

ideas. He gives individual attention without demeaning

the questioner. As a teacher, he has the gift to

communicate in a way the student can learn. I am

taking the lessons learned back with me in the full

confidence I can use them to remake my business

life. I will be at his next seminar and I will continue

to read his newsletters for the best nuggets I know

are there. Quite simply, he is the best.

Bonita

Evans

Los Angeles, CA

Dear

Gary,

I

walked into your seminar a little nervous... I was

a true web virgin.

But

now, I have all the tools I need to set up a profitable

website including... how to find a profitable product

to sell... how to set up a search page... how to

test the site to see if it will be profitable (and

for less than $195!)... and how to craft a compelling

sales letter to put on the site!

Thanks

for everything. You gave me a heck of a lot more

than I expected!

George

Cochran

Tampa, FL

Dear

Gary,

I

expected to learn enough to get me off to a jump

start but, with just a couple of your ideas... on

the first day... I realized that I'm better

than I thought I was! And when the best in the world

says, "That's damn good copy," that gives

me an incredible amount of confidence.

I

was also glad to get the technical expertise of

John Reese. Your addition of John to the line-up

made this experience a complete package for me.

I

know now that I got more out of your seminar than

I could have imagined, let alone expected.

Gill

Thompson

Minneapolis, MN

Dear

Gary,

Even

if you find Gary's website extremely helpful (as

I do) you gotta hear him! Some of the things

he reveals are tested and proven... but are so cutting-edge

and counter-intuitive... that you have to hear the

questions, the objections, and the reasons why.

His

comments about the ordering process are profound,

and just as I describe above.

Robert

Jones

Boston, MA

Dear

Gary,

Firstly,

a big thank you! I am so glad that I flew 20 plus

hours from Singapore to attend this seminar.

Many

things I learned can be implemented immediately...

which... I am sure will boost my revenue tremendously.

This is the most value-added seminar I have attended

so far.

I

will definitely want to be at your next seminar.

Lee

Canton

Singapore

As

you've just read, all 20 people who attended my seminar thought

it was well worth the time and money they spent to attend. But,

truth be told, I didn't pull it off alone. The other speakers

included Carlos Duran about how you should not work merely to

increase the size of your bank account, but that... also...

your work should be something you care passionately about. He

also made the very valuable point about how you should put the

same amount of passion you do into making money into your family

and your health. Plus, he explained how, when he first met me

three years ago, he was a personal trainer struggling to make

the rent... and how... his association with me (he lives right

here in Miami) has changed his personal and financial circumstances

enormously for the better.

Another

of my speakers was "Doberman Dan" Gallapoo who lives

in the Escazu section of San Jose, Costa Rica. He actually lives

within walking distance of 70% of the online sports betting

casinos in the entire world. Online betting is legal in Costa

Rica and, it pisses off the government to no end. Earlier this

year, the government tried to shut down the online casinos by

making it almost impossible for U.S. citizens to use their credit

cards to place their bets. The U.S. government has NOT succeeded

in this endeavor but, for a while, they put a real hurting on

all the online casinos. So, what the casinos did was to get

creative and discovered several ingenious ways to get money

from people who can't use a credit card. You never know: Maybe

one day something negative will happen to your merchant

account and you will no longer have the ability to process

credit cards... so... one of these options that Dan reveals

at my seminar (which was discovered by the online sports books)

could, quite literally...

Save

Your Business!

Dan

also revealed a "connection" to someone who may (for

real) be able to solve any merchant account problems you might

be having.

Another

guest speaker was Joachim DePosada. Joachim (pronounced Wa-keem)

is my all-time favorite public speaker. He once gave me what

I consider the most important piece of business advice I ever

got in my entire life. (You'll hear me discuss it when you listen

to the seminar tapes.)

Joachim

travels all over the world and teaches Fortune 500 companies

the REAL secrets a person needs to know to become successful.

He has written a new book called, "How To Survive The

Piranhas" and I am honored he has included an entire

section about me in it. He practically gives this book away

compared to what it's worth. Find it on the 'net and get yourself

a copy.

And

then, as I mentioned previously, Ed Dale also spoke at my seminar.

Ed is one of those people who really pisses me off... because...

he not only makes tons of money... he KEEPS it! (This is a trick

I've never learned.) Anyway, Ed explained all the secrets he

uses to make website profits to my attendees. And, I can say

with 100% honesty, what you will hear him reveal on my seminar

tapes is so incredibly valuable, you should hide your head in

shame if you don't use what he teaches to make more money than

any sane person can possibly spend!

And

remember in the testimonials, some of my attendees mentioned

John Reese? Well, remember at the beginning of this letter I

wrote "I Now Honestly Believe I Know More About How To

Increase The Profit Of A Website Than Anyone Else On Earth!"?

Shit. After meeting and listening to John Reese, I think honesty

dictates that, in actuality, that distinction has to go to John

Reese.

He's

one of those guys who, until recently (like John Carlton) has

preferred to stay very low profile and under the radar. The

rumors I am now hearing about him are that he is the top entrepreneur

on the entire Internet. When John (Reese) started talking to

my attendees and revealed his secrets, it was like having Tiger

Woods taking a personal interest in you, taking you under his

wing and teaching you to play golf.

And

there you have it. A rather complete description of my latest

seminar and what you will learn about making website profits

when you listen to those audio tapes. I'm going to tell you

how you can get those tapes... and... why I'm selling them...

so cheap... in just a moment. But first, I want to discuss something

else.

You

know, there's something I've noticed about every successful

marketer whenever I have visited them in their houses. I've

noticed...

They

Are All Information Junkies!

They

can't get enough. They are just like me. If you ever visit the

home of a truly pro marketer, you'll always find a room dedicated

to housing information products he has purchased over the years.

Hundreds of books, dozens of sets of audio tapes, box after

box of video cassettes, numerous magazine articles, newspaper

articles and EVERYTHING he can get his hands on which might

help him be a better marketer. Here's the truth:

The

Top Guys Never Think They Know It All...

And... They NEVER Stop Learning!

In

fact, you know where I'm gonna be in November? I'm gonna be

at someone else's seminar! I'm gonna be at someone else's

seminar on websites! And, guess what? I'm NOT going there to

teach. No, I'm going as a regular attendee... to learn.

And, if you are a really serious person about making

website profits, I suggest you go also. I'll tell you how to

find out all the details of this seminar (which is going to

be held in San Francisco) right after I tell you how to get

your greedy, little hands on a set of audio tapes of my

seminar.

But

first, I want to tell you why I'm selling my tapes so cheaply.

First,

I didn't know until the last minute I was going to be taping

the seminar... and so... a small portion was not captured on

the tapes. For example, we started the seminar by having everyone

in the room introduce themselves and tell us a little about

their businesses. This portion was not caught on the audio tapes.

There

are a few other bits and pieces we didn't catch on the tapes...

but... we did get just about everything of value... and...

the audio is very clear.

Secondly,

we did not video tape the seminar which, in my opinion, enhances

your learning experience.

Thirdly,

you will not be getting the kind of individual attention I was

able to give each of the attendees.

And

lastly, you will not be eligible for my individual assistance

during the next 18-months with your website problems. I made

that promise to my attendees... for them... to allow me to sell

the tapes of the seminar... and... feel good about allowing

me to do so.

OK,

as you know, the attendees had to pay $5,985.00 to be at the

seminar. They also had to pay all their travel and hotel expenses.

That means, in some cases (like the attendees who came from

Singapore) they had to shell out over $9,000.00 to be there.

So,

here's what I've decided to charge for the audio tapes. Exactly

one-tenth (1/10) of the price of the seminar... not counting...

hotel and other travel expenses. That means... you can buy these

utterly-priceless tapes for only $598.50.

There

are several ways you can order these tapes. The first way is

to write your check in the amount of $598.50 made payable

to "Cherrywood Publishing" and send it to:

Cherrywood

Publishing

3101 S.W. 34th Ave. #905-467

Ocala, FL 34474

If

you do that, we will send the tapes to you immediately by First-Class

mail. (By the way, even though Theresa is out of state helping

her Dad, there is someone else in Ocala who picks up the mail

daily.)

Or,

if you prefer to order using a credit card, you can do it by

fax or phone. To fax your order, write the words "Seminar

Tape Order" on a sheet of paper and fax it to (352)

861-1665 along with the following information:

1)

Your

name as it appears on your credit card

2)

Your

credit card number

3)

The expiration

date

4)

Your

BILLING address for that credit card

5)

The 'security

code' from your credit card

a)

If

using Visa or MasterCard, the 'security code' are

the last three digits on the BACK of your credit card

in your signature panel

b)

If

using American Express, the 'security code' are the

four digits on the FRONT of your credit card above

your credit card number

6)

The shipping

address where you want the tapes sent

But,

like I said, you can also phone in your order. Normally, I'd

have you call my office and give your information directly to

Theresa. But, since she's not in the office, you can call me

directly... and... I will take your order. My PRIVATE telephone

numbers (which you promise NOT to give to anyone else... unless

they want to order, of course) are:

Home:

(786) 924-3918

Cell:

(352) 895-0689

Also, since I'm expecting to get a lot of calls, if both those

lines are busy, you can call my friend, Carlos Duran

on his cell phone at (786) 390-9100 and he will

take your order.

If

you try to call and you can't get through, please do NOT

leave a voicemail message. Instead, e-mail me at...

[email protected]

and

leave your telephone number. I will then return your call as

fast as humanly possible. Also, please write "Seminar Tape

Order" in the Subject Line of your e-mail. That way, I

won't make a mistake and think I've received some kind of spam

e-mail and automatically delete it.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

(temporarily the world's most exhausted guru)

P.S.

If

you decide to go to San Francisco to the same seminar

I will be attending, say "hello" to me if

you see me in the crowd. You can find all the details

about that seminar by clicking on the link below:

http://www.MasterMindSeries.com

That's

it for now. I'm gonna crank up the "No Mercy"

and take a little cruise.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright � 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights Reserved.