SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/azlk_make_god_laugh.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:00
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend &

Subscriber,

QUESTION: How do you make God laugh?

ANSWER: Tell him your plans for the future.

I am in the midst of madness. My last issue

was also written from Key West and here's part of what I

wrote:

"...Come closer. Pay careful attention. As I said

earlier, when I discovered the world of direct mail

and mail order, I was suffused with a certain kind of

peace. I knew no matter what twists and turns my life

would take, no matter how my marriages and

relationships would turn out, I would always have one

constant in my life. Namely: What I would do for a

living would be to develop, create and exploit direct

response (it wasn't called that back then) projects.

"It is still true and will

remain so until the day I die. I

love it!

"Right now, I'm sitting at a

picnic table, under the shade of what Key Westers call

a 'tourist tree' (the bark is always peeling) just

outside one of the government buildings on Whitehead

Street in Key West near MILE ZERO. I'm barefoot,

nekkid from the waist up, my toes are wriggling in the

scrub grass and marl beneath the table, there's a

gentle breeze blowing that refreshes me... and... I

sit here merrily writing away... happy as the

proverbial pig in shit."

I forgot. God

doesn't want Gary to be "happy-as-a-pig-in-shit."

God has chosen Gary to be a low-rent version of a modern-day

Job and, if Gary's happy meter gets to registering too high,

God seems to feel compelled to take corrective action...

like...

Send In A

Hurricane!

Three weeks ago, I'm just starting to get

settled. I haven't even got all my boxes unpacked from my move

from Miami Beach back to the Keys. The weather man keeps

pointing to a multi-colored snarl on the weather map on the

tube. It's getting closer to Florida.

And closer. And closer.

When it gets to the point where the

"strike probability" of where it hits land is 99%...

that... it will hit exactly where I live, I decide to

scoot. But, my car is in the shop. No cars to rent. They're

all taken. No plane seats to buy so I can fly out. They're all

taken. What's left? A trusty Greyhound bus, that's what. I

dispatch Mongo, my current cohort to go to the Greyhound

station. He phones me, "Gary, the bus didn't stop. It just zipped right by."

The next one zips by too. But, this time, says

Mongo, the driver at least waved. We decide to give up. But,

lo and behold, the third bus does stop. Mongo calls to alert

me to be standing at the side of the road (A1A), he gets on

the bus, the bus then stops for me, and... we boogie to Miami.

At Miami, I try to get another bus but nobody

wants to take the time to talk with me. I go into my Frank

Rizzo routine, scream, yell and terrorize everyone at the

Greyhound station. Finally, one of the Greyhound workers

allows as how there's a car rental place half-a-mile from the

bus station. Mongo and I heft our luggage and carry it out

into the sauna of a September afternoon in Florida, trudge

half-a-mile and finally rent a Lincoln Town Car.

We then take the Turnpike and head straight up

the middle of the State. We decide to stop running in the

thriving metropolis of a town called "Okeechobee"

(all the characters from "King of the Hill" live

here) and get two of the only motel rooms left between Miami

and Orlando. By the way, a curious thing happened as we were

checking in. The guy at the desk gets a call, rolls his eyes

heavenward and says, "No Ma'am, I'm sorry. We do not have a pool."

Think about it: Thousands of cars are clogging

the highways as people flee the coming storm. The airways are

filled with emergency alerts and instructions. Entire families

are reduced to staying in a single motel room. The storm looms

closer, closer, closer. And here's this daffy bitch, so

unconscious of what's happening around her, she wants to

know...

"Does

The Hotel Have A Pool?"

"No

Ma'am. It don't. But don't you worry. In two more days the

whole damn State will be... nothing but one big pool."

Well, the hurricane comes to my enchanted

islands, squats over them and savages every square foot with

hurricane force winds... that

last for 20 hours!

I'm sorry God. I beg your forgiveness. No more

wriggling my toes in the scrub and marl and being

happy-as-a-pig-in-shit. From now on, Misery

Is My Motto!

Oooh, a mosquito just bit me! Notice that God?

That sucked a little, didn't it? Oh nuts, my contact lenses

are drying out and my eyes are getting irritated and

scratched. Are you watching this God? It's at least a little

bit of a bummer, right? And hey, that spot on my jawline did

turn out to be skin cancer (a basil cell carcinoma) and I had

to have it removed. That counts for something, doesn't it? My

cats Amigo and Tiger were so traumatized by the storm, I had

to relocate both of them and actually had to hospitalize

Amigo. That's nowhere near "happy-as-a-pig-in-shit."

I swear.

I know. I know. These are all minor

annoyances. But thousands of people just south of me still

don't have electricity and... hundreds

of them... have lost their entire homes. Look Lord, I

don't mean to tell you your business. But, you think maybe you

could see fit to give us folks who live down here "South

of Jewfish Creek" a breather?

Thank you. Amen.

All of which

brings me full circle to repeat something else I wrote last

month:

"Part of my contentment is, I've

discovered a new aspect of my chosen calling which

lets whatever aptitude and talent I have for this type

of work really soar! After reading the last several

issues of my newsletter, have you figured it out? It's

none other than researching and writing about...

Tiny,

Overlooked Public Companies!

"I've found this

can be very profitable. Better yet, it's NOT only

about money. What I've discovered is, there are

hundreds (if not thousands) of tiny companies with

unheralded legitimate medical miracles which I can

publicize (like nobody

else!) on a global basis by writing about them in

my unique Halbertesque style. This tends to put these

heroic little companies on the map... and... helps me

make a nice couple of bucks for myself at the exact

same time.

"The ad you just

cut out and scotch-taped together is a case in point.

"Here's something

else: I'm not up for doing any seminars for a year or

so. I don't want to take on any clients either.

However, if you've got a computer, a modest bankroll

(maybe nine or ten thousand) I can teach you how to

make several thousand fungolas a day without ever

leaving the comfort of your home. What it involves is

making short-term trades in the stock market based on

breaking news. After I'm done schooling you, you could

make three to thirty trades a day and easily average

$1,000.00 per trade.

"But, it does

require focus. You will have to be on-line at least

two or three hours per day. However, once you get the

hang of it, it's actually fun!

"If you want to

learn how to do this, it will take three separate

telephone consultations with me of about one hour

each. Depending on your work ethic, you can have all

three consultations in the same week or stretch them

out over a month.

"No one in the

world has ever used this trading method... and... I've

never yet had a single losing trade.

"If you want me

to teach you how to do this, it's gonna cost you

$3,700 smackers payable in advance and you'll need at

least five or six thousand more to trade with.

"However, unless

I'm wrong, during our third telephone consultation,

you'll be making live profitable trades right there

while I'm on the phone with you... and... you'll go

away from that third call with something much more

valuable than the profits you've made. Namely: All the

knowledge and skills you need to make all the money

your greedy little heart desires.

"If you don't

want to work at home, you can get yourself a good

laptop (see that new SONY!), a satellite modem and a

global wireless telephone aircard... and then... if

you so choose...

You

Can Make Massive

Amounts Of Fungolas From

Anywhere In The World!

"Like maybe

Rio?"

Howzabout I give you an update on that little

dealybop? First, almost everybody who took me up on that deal

is already in profit over and above the $3,700 they had

to pay me for the consultation! Why? Simply because this

trading system works like a Swiss watch. It is the best way to

make money I've ever discovered and I've decided to

devote quite a bit of time here to tell you why.

First, you can work from anywhere.

Secondly, you have no boss or superiors to

report to.

Thirdly, you have no employees to be

responsible for.

Fourthly, you don't have to manufacture

anything, assemble anything, pack anything, ship anything or

even... write anything!

You don't ever have to make a refund. There's

no inventory required. Add it all up and, this way of making

money is spelled...

F-R-E-E-D-O-M !

Basically, all I teach my students is (1)

where to get the absolute freshest,

late-breaking news, (2) how to interpret that news,

and (3) how to act on that news.

What happens is, they are alerted to several

hundred 100% fresh

news stories every day, learn how to scan the headlines in a

flash, how to click on the headlines that look promising,

check out to see if the story is about a

publicly-traded company, how to make an instant purchase of shares in that company, how to watch the price

of those shares of stock change... in

real time... and... how to sell and take their profit.

My students can

make 15 or more profitable trades per day... and...

They

Never Hold On To

Any Stock More Than

50 Minutes!

Look, I'm not going to teach you here in this

newsletter what I teach my "telephonic students"

about trading stocks. However, I am going to teach you part of

what I teach them because it is relevant to whatever you use a

computer for, even if you don't trade stocks.

Listen up: The worst thing about working on a

computer is the horrible amount of "waiting time"

you have to endure. How many millions of man-hours have been

wasted while people watch that little pyramid spin around or

wait for that stupid little hour glass to disappear?

Hell, it's not millions of hours, it's billions... or maybe... trillions!

Hark unto me: Almost always, the weakest link

in the speed at which your computer works is the modem. Modem

speed is measured in kilobytes per second or "K's."

Think of "K's" as miles per hour or MPH for your

computer. If you have an older computer, it probably is

operating with a 14K modem. If your PC is relatively new, you

probably have a 28K modem. Almost every new computer on the

market comes with a state-of-the-art 56K telephone modem.

Having a 56K modem doesn't mean your computer will run at

56K's. It simply means it has the capability

of running at 56K's... if... everything else is optimized.

Whatever. After you read this newsletter, I

want you to call your local cable TV company and see if they

can hook you up with a cable modem for your PC. If they can...

GET IT!

As I said, the fastest telephone modem you can

get allows you the possibility of operating at 56,000

kilobytes per second. A cable modem gives you the possibility

of operating at 1,600,000 kilobytes per second. That gives

your computer the possibility of running 28.57 times faster.

In reality, a cable modem will make your computer run 1,000

times faster... because... the info is traveling on a great,

big wide cable freeway... instead of... a clogged-up,

telephonic, pot-holed back road. You probably won't be able to

get a cable modem. They are expanding this service as fast as

possible but, availability is still a long shot for any

particular geographic location.

But, check into it anyway. All it'll cost you

is a phone call and you might hit the jackpot.

If not, go to a website located at www.direcpc.com and read

all the data you find there. What you'll discover is, if there

is a clear line of sight (from the top of the building where

your computer is located) to the south... you can... for a

lousy $300.00 get yourself a satellite modem... which will...

make your PC run as much as 50 times faster.

If that doesn't work for you, call your

telephone company and tell them you want an ISDN line for your

computer. What an ISDN line is, (when you take the technobabel

out of it) is simply four phone lines smucked into one. Get

one of these dedicated to your PC and it will operate much,

much faster.

MORE:  If

you are really serious about using your PC, get yourself a

geek to strip it down. Get rid of almost all the programs they

loaded your computer up with when you bought it...

including... the anti-virus program. (You really don't need it but, I don't have time to tell you why right now.)

Anyway, what this is like... is... taking a car you intend to

race... and... taking all the junk out of the trunk, making

the porkers in the back seat get out and walk... and...

getting rid of everything else that will slow down the speed

of the car. (Including all the seats except the one you need

to sit in.)

Also, if you are not on AOL, sign up for it.

Not because it's the best... but... because it's the most

widely used. That way, if you and I are ever discussing

something to do with computers, I can say, "See that quote icon on the top of your tool bar? I want you to

click on that." It's like, if I were teaching you

trigonometry by phone, we'd both be needing to use the same

textbook so I could say in effect, "Turn

to page 318 and read paragraph three."

IMPORTANT NOTE: AOL has an 800 number you can

use to access the service for $6.00 an hour. I nearly always

use it. It's never clogged up because PC users, by and large,

are too moronically cheap to pay the fee. They'll waste hours

staring at that stupid blue triangle going round and round

but, they won't shell out the few extra fungolas to drive on

the turnpike.

Should you use AOL's 800#? (By the way, it's

1-800-716-0023.) I don't know. I guess it all depends how much

your time is worth. If your time ain't worth six bucks an

hour, stay on your slow-assed, clogged-up, local telephone

line.

RAM: Get as much of it as your computer will

take. RAM (Random Access Memory) is crucial to making your

computer work efficiently. It fits into slots inside your

computer and it looks like the reeds of a harmonica when you

remove the outside plates. RAM is cheap. You can get more of

it (and have it installed) at almost any computer store.

Pig out on it. Jam as much RAM as you can into

your machine.

Finally, if you don't already have a computer

and you're looking to get one, do

not shop for a bargain. Choose between a Gateway GP6-333

($1,799), a Dell XPR 350 or the top-of-the-line Compaq or IBM.

You also may want to consider an NEC Direction SPB 400, with a

400 MHz Intel Pentium II chip, a 6.4 GB hard drive, 17-inch

monitor and 56K modem.

You can get any of the above PC's for

$2,000... whereas... if you try to go the cheap-ass route,

you'll be struggling to get a shit machine for around $1,000.

You know what? If you learn what I teach my telephone students

about trading stocks, you'll be able to make $1,000 to $7,000

or $8,000 several times per day with just the click of a

mouse.

Think about it: Do you really want to cripple

your ability to do this because you are too stupid and too

cheap to get yourself the high quality tools you need?

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

Remember how I

said you can do what I teach you from just about

anywhere? Well, when Mongo and I hauled ass to

Okeechobee, I took my trusty Compaq Presario lap-top

with me and never missed a beat.

Which reminds me:

I'm leaving for Rio on the 18th of November and will

be gone for a week. I'm not going to trade stocks from

Rio: I've got that Viagra research to worry about.)

When I come back, I will teach a few more people this

incredible money-making technique I've developed. I'll

do it until November 30th... and then...

The

Door's Closed!

So, if

you're interested, call Selena at 305/534-7577 and sign

up now.

Otherwise,

you're gonna miss the boat. (By the way, don't let being

computer illiterate or not even having a computer stop

you. There's nobody in the world who can get you up and

running and using a computer... intelligently...

faster than me.)

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.