SOURCE: https://thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/azll_positive_difference.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:08
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

We're getting close!

As I write this, there's only 62 days left

until we enter a brand new century. You know what else? If you

knew what I know right now... those 62 days... would be... way

more time... than you would need to make more than enough

money to live in luxury for all the rest of your days.

I have discovered what I believe to be the

easiest, most foolproof way to make huge wads of money than

anyone previously has even dreamed about. It is so simple I

could teach you how to do it in less than 10 minutes. It is

100 times more profitable than dealing drugs... yet... it is

100% legal. It works faster than a girl from Hooters could

seduce Bill Clinton. (I just can't make myself refer to him as

President Clinton.)

It requires no employees, no talent, almost no investment, no

thought... and... believe it or not... practically no effort

whatsoever. The cash-flow from using this secret is as

automatic and as consistent as sunrise. It is one of those

things which is so simple and so obvious (once you know the

trick) it will make you want to smack yourself in the head

because you didn't see it... when... all the time... it was

right there in front of you.

That's the good news.

The bad news is...

I'm Never Going To Write About

This Is My Newsletter!

Why am I being such a shit about this? The

answer is simple: Remember how I said I wanted to do one last

seminar before the end of this century that would go down in

history as the most valuable seminar of the last 100 years?

Well, this is the money-making secret I am going to reveal

that is going to help me make that goal come true.

But you know something? When I think about it,

I am convinced I have already

given the best seminar of the 20th Century. It was held almost

exactly 10 years ago in Los Angeles at the Century Plaza Hotel

and it was called... appropriately enough...

The Seminar

Of The Century!

That seminar was 100% sold out and the cost to

attend was $6,250. I think everyone who attended that

seminar... or... has heard the audio tapes of it will agree...

it was simply the best money-making seminar... ever!

Can I beat it?

Yep.

But, there's only one way: You see, the

quality of the info I delivered in that 1989 seminar cannot be

topped. Neither can the personalized attention I gave every

attendee. I doubt there will ever be a seminar that delivers

more or better ideas. So, the way I figure it, the only way I

can top my 1989 seminar is to deliver a money-making secret

that has... as its main claim to fame...

Utter Simplicity!

How simple is it? I'm glad you asked. If you

come to this seminar, here is what will happen: The seminar

will start at 9:00 a.m. on Friday, December 10th. At that

time, I will be on stage and I will start talking about this

special secret. At approximately 9:15 I will stop

talking about this secret. Why? Simply because, there will be

nothing else to tell you. Nothing more you need to learn. If,

for some reason, you don't want to stick around for the rest

of the seminar (it ends on Sunday, the 12th) you can walk out

of the room, go home and start making money hand-over-fist

just as fast as your little heart desires. It's really true;

after only 15 minutes, you honestly will know everything

you need to know to make this work.

One more thing: This

part of the seminar will NOT be taped. The rest of the

seminar (after the first 15 minutes) will be taped and, those

tapes will be available for purchase. But, those first 15

minutes? No way, Jose. This dealybop is just too damn good to

share with "wanna-be's." This is truly the best

money-making secret (probably in all of history) and, if you

want to know all about it, you now have a very clear choice...

You Can Arrange For Yourself To

Be In That Room... Or... You

Can Choose To Be Left In The Dark!

It's up to you.

All of which brings me to the subject of this

month's newsletter which is directly related to everything

I've just written. I am about to illuminate something you

really, really need to think about. Listen: In only 365 days

from today, one more year will have passed into history. No

matter who you are, 365 days is all you are going to get in

the next year. By the way, that comes out to 8,760 hours... or

525,600 minutes... or... 31,536,000 seconds.

Now, let's say you are rich as hell and you

are willing to pay dearly to have more time in the coming year

than other people. Let's say you want just 10 extra minutes

and you are willing to pay one million dollars for each of

those 10 minutes.

You can't buy them. They're not for sale.

You couldn't even buy one

extra second... for 100 billion

dollars. Time is not for sale. Not at any

price. During the next year, nobody is going to have more time

than you and nobody (except those who go to "Check-out

City") is going to have less.

So what? Well, here is the "so what"

of it: The difference from where you are right now, today...

and where... you will be 1-year from today, depends on one

thing and one thing only. It depends on...

What You Do With Those

8,760 Hours You've Got To Work

With In The Next Year!

What you think about isn't going to produce

any change whatsoever. What you plan isn't going to create any

change either. How you feel isn't going to make a difference.

What you read; what you learn; what you study; what you

discover... none of these things... none whatsoever... is

going to make a scintilla of difference about where you are

1-year from today. Get this straight in your head: The only

thing (except for pure happenstance) that is going to make any

difference at all in your life... is...

What You Do!

So, what are

you going to do with those 8,760 hours you've got to work with

in the coming year? Actually, what you are going to do with a

lot of those hours is outside your control. For example:

You've almost got to spend approximately 2,920 of those hours

sleeping. True, you could sleep less... but... that will

almost certainly be counter-productive. The most recent

research indicates the vast majority of Americans need MORE

than eight hours of sleep per day... and yet... most of us get

less.

Which, of course, makes us a nation of people

who are sleep deprived... and... sleep deprived people suffer

from fuzzy thinking, make bad decisions, and are more at risk

for all types of health problems.

Whatever you do, don't try to become more

productive by getting less sleep. That tactic will backfire on

you. By the way, domestic housecats sleep an average of 16

hours per day and lions in the wild sleep an average of 20. It

is my belief, the happiest mammals on earth are domestic

housecats. As I see it, the only possible exception is a

dolphin or a porpoise. (Same thing.) I live less than a mile

from the world-famous "Dolphin Institute" and

dolphins, like housecats, are truly happy campers.

They might be even happier than housecats.

Here's why: I bet you didn't know it... but...

Dolphins Are The Most Sexually

Active Mammals On Earth!

Honest-to-God. Believe it or not, if you

happen to find yourself in the ocean with a pod of

bottle-nosed dolphins, you don't have to worry about them

hurting you... but... they will make an attempt to screw your

brains out.

I'm not kidding. Ask any dolphin expert. Hey,

why do you think Flipper and all his buddies are always

grinning anyway?

Pressing on: After deducting the time we need

to spend sleeping, we're down to 5,840 hours to work with in

the coming year. Let's say you are neither rich, retired nor

retarded. That means you've got to spend a significant amount

of time earning enough fungolas to support yourself and your

family. To do this, let's say you work the proverbial 40 hours

per week. Also, you've got to get ready for work, get to work

and get home from work. Some of you have a long commute, some

are lucky enough to work at home... but... I'm going to decide

arbitrarily, we need to add an average of 10 hours per week to

get ready, and get to and from work. Let's give you a two week

yearly vacation... which means... you are going to use up

2,500 of your hours (50 hours per week times 50 weeks per

year) on work-related activities.

We are now down to 3,340 hours we've got left

in the coming year.

Ah, but we ain't at the end of our deductions

yet. No Sir. But rather than belabor the obvious, let's make

one sizable deduction for what I will designate as "Absolute

Necessities of Life." This might include playing with

your kids, giving time and support to your spouse and friends,

brushing your teeth, shopping for groceries, getting your car

repaired, shaving, taking some "down time" to let

yourself recharge and so on. The time necessary to take care

of the "Absolute

Necessities of Life" will, of course, vary from

individual to individual... but... I can't even imagine this

taking anyone (who actually has a life) less than 3 to 4 hours

per day so... this means... we're going to have to whack off

at least another 2,000 hours from the stash of time we're

allotted for the coming year.

I'm going to stop with these deductions.

You've got the idea by now, don't you Boopsie?

Let us inch a bit closer to the truth: You

really do not have 8,760

hours to decide what to do with in the coming year. In truth,

with so many of your hours already "spoken for," you

probably don't even have 1,000 "discretionary" hours

to decide what to do with in the next year. That gives you

something like 2 hours and 42 minutes per day with which you

have to work to change your life for the better.

And, I feel certain, most of you have lives so

jam-packed that... the truth is... you only have a fraction of

even that small amount of "discretionary" time each

day. And, I bet whatever amount of discretionary time you do

have, I bet you use almost none of it to seriously advance the quality of your life. And, if you

care... if you truly

care... about elevating your status and achieving your

goals...

This Has Got

To Stop!

You simply must

use your discretionary time intelligently... or else... you

don't have a rat's ass of a chance of getting anywhere that's

worth being.

So, what do you do first? I'm gonna tell you

but, before I do, I want to make an important observation:

Many people hate it when I write newsletters like this.

These readers don't want to get the fundamentals right...

no... they want to skip right to the "details." But

your life is already

filled with details... none of which... are doing doodley

squat to enhance your life. You cannot intelligently decide

which details you should really attend to... unless... you are

clear and accurate about what your guiding fundamentals must

be.

Here's something else: Success is not

complicated. It is simple. The real answers are... so

simple... they are downright corny. But simple does

not mean easy. Running the Boston Marathon is very simple.

All you have to do is keep putting one foot in front of the

other for 26+ miles.

Simple as pie. Hard as hell.

I want you to be one of the "Masters of

the Millennium." I want you to achieve more in the year

2,000 than you have achieved in all the previous years of your

life. That means you've got a lot of details to attend to in

the year 2,000... plus... you've got to attend to the right

details. I've got less than two months to help you get this in

laser-sharp focus. Let's see if I can get a commitment from

you. Just for approximately the next 30-days. Just from the

time you read this letter and the time you read next month's.

This commitment will cost you maybe $20.00 or $30.00 and will

take less than five minutes of your time for each of the next 30-days.

Here's all I'm going to ask you to do: Go to a

local drug store, a Radio Shack or wherever and get yourself

an el cheapo, microcassette tape recorder and 30 of those

little bitty microcassettes.

Keep your el cheapo recorder with you all the

time and use one microcassette each day to keep a "time

diary." Use it approximately once every hour of your

waking hours. Your audio entries should only take seconds.

They should be something like this:

"2:15 to 3:10:"

Had cavity filled by Doc Megapain.

"3:10 to 3:40:"

Drove back to office.

"3:40 to 5:30:"

Returned phone calls at work from customers with routine questions."

Etc., etc., etc.

That's all I want you to do. I know, I know.

You're way ahead of me. You already know what this is all

about. You already know the basics of my evil scheme to change

your life for the better.

Bullshit.

You don't have a clue. Please just trust me on

this. All you've got to lose is $20 or $30 and a couple or

three hours out of one lousy month.

All you've got to gain is everything you've

ever lusted for.

Look, stop thinking you're so damn

sophisticated. So damn smart. So far above doing a simple

exercise like this. Let me tell you something...

You Don't Know Shit!

Give Me A Chance To Help You!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

I don't think I have ever given a seminar that is more

important than the one I am putting on December 10, 11

and 12 at the Phoenix Airport Hilton Hotel in

Arizona... and... I have never had such a difficult

time talking with people interested in coming to the

seminar. I first announced the seminar in my September

newsletter and I asked anyone interested in attending

to call and talk with me personally. Many people

called and left messages but I was able to only talk

with about half of them. Then along came Hurricane

Floyd which ruined (for quite some time) any

communication possibilities between myself and my

readers on the Eastern seaboard of the United States.

So, in last month's newsletter, I gave out my

personal telephone number so readers interested in

attending the seminar could call me direct. As I

explained, that phone rings right at my desk and if I am

not in the office, there is an answering machine hooked

up to handle the calls. Well, right after I gave out

that number, we had another hurricane (Irene) that came

through the Keys and made an absolute direct hit on the

area where I live and work. Fortunately, Irene did not

knock out the telephone system. No, instead she knocked

out our entire electrical power supply.

As if that wasn't enough, Hurricane Irene brought so much rain, the

property where I was living with my aunt and uncle was literally turned into

what I call "Lake Halbert." I actually have photos of myself

paddling a boat in the driveway and the yard surrounding the house. My aunt

and uncle occupy the top half of the house and, until Irene, I occupied the

bottom half. My half of the house was completely flooded by the hurricane and

we had no warning from the weather bureau this storm was going to hit us. I

went to sleep one night and when I woke up the next morning and put my feet on

the floor to get out of bed, I was standing in water. Many of my possessions

and furniture were literally floating throughout the apartment.

My aunt and uncle are putting their house up for sale (it's a hell of a

good buy if you want to live in the Florida Keys) and I've had to vacate my

portion of the house. I'm going to be living on a large houseboat (47') which

I bought recently in a little town near Cape Canaveral. My houseboat was

previously owned by an astronaut and he kept it in excellent condition. It's

an ocean-going houseboat with plenty of living room and it even has its own

washer and dryer plus a small office I'm going to use as my on-board computer

room. I'm waiting for my boat to be delivered here and, until then, I am

living in a motel right on U.S. 1 about half a mile from the world-famous

Dolphin Institute.

Back to the phone scenario... because of all this lousy weather, people

who tried to call me at the number I gave out in last month's newsletter would

just get a phone that would ring and ring and ring and never be answered

because there was no electrical power to operate the answering machine hooked

up to the phone. When there finally was power, everything was so flooded out

and I was so busy saving what possessions I could, I often couldn't get to the

office for days on end.

So now, if you want to attend the seminar, I'm going to give you

another number which also rings directly at my desk... but... if I'm not there

to answer the phone, you can leave a message (one that will actually reach me)

because this phone is equipped with Ma Bell's voicemail. This means if you

call me and I'm not there to get the call, I'll get your message even if we

should lose electrical power... or... even if we should get flooded again.

A TIP: If you happen to live, as I do, in an area that often

experiences violent weather, I suggest you get rid of any electrically

operated answering machines you might be using and use voicemail provided by

your local telephone company instead.

For whatever it's worth, the last four months have produced the most

consistent period of bad weather this part of Florida has experienced in more

than a century. We have had almost nothing but constant hurricanes and

tropical storms. I read in the "Miami Herald" we are now at the tail

end of the rainy season... but... Mother Nature is delivering us one last slap

in the face in the form of Tropical Storm Katrina.

But wait. What am I saying? It ain't over till the fat lady sings and

for hurricane season... that's not until November 30!

Well anyway, if you haven't signed up for the seminar and you'd like to

attend... but... you'd like to speak with me first, here is the new number for

you to call...

(305)289-7798

If you're interested, please call soon because... there's not much room

or time left. I just want to be fair and give all my readers an opportunity to

talk with me if they have questions.

Now, if we can just keep Lenny, Maria, Nate, Ophelia, Philippe, Rita,

Stan, Tammy, Vince and Wilma (the rest of the 1999 hurricane names just

waiting for a storm to attach themselves to)... if we can just keep these

bastards out of our hair... perhaps... we can... maybe... make a

couple of staggering steps in a forward direction.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.