SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/Boron/TChapter25.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:00
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

The Boron Letters - Chapter 25

Friday, 7:14 PM

July 7, 1984

Dear Bond,

Tonight I am going to be writing about something I didn't

think I was going to be writing about.

I just had a minor confrontation in the chow hall with a guy

I've had a little trouble with before. He was giving out

cups of ice and when I insisted on two cups he said 'no' and

we verbally got into it. At one point, he suggested that if

I didn't like his refusal to give me more ice, we could go

fight behind one of the dorms.

I glared at him and walked away. We were starting to attract

attention and there were (always are) guards in the mess

hall.

Really, this is no big deal except in a way, it is. This guy

is not very much like the room mate I had some trouble with.

This guy is young, tattooed and stupid. He is a loser and I

know from previous conversations with him that he is pretty

much lost when he is on the street.

He is always messing up, he smokes dope and he is in the

Lieutenant's office often for disciplinary action.

I would probably kick the living $#!+ out of this guy. You

never know for sure, I could be wrong but he is not a big,

bad type. Mostly, he is just plain stupid.

But what may be instructive in all this is why it happened

and what I hope to do about it so I, hopefully, don't have

to deal with it again.

First of all, let me explain that both the incident with my

roommate and this incident happened when I was "off". As a

matter of fact, I am off right now and I have been off for

more than a week. When I am off, when anybody is off,

this is communicated!

Right now, also, (or in conjunction with) being off, I am

also quite vulnerable. I have fasted two days this week, I

am missing L and I have been, in general, feeling sad.

No big deal. Except when you are in prison. When you are in

prison, even a very easy one like this one, your "Karma", I

believe, is extra important! It's important on the street

too, but it is especially important here. This is a bad

place to be weak, even a little and even momentarily.

Remember how I told you, you could sort of tell if you were

off by how close you could guess what time it is? Well,

another indicator is if you bump into things just a tiny bit

or you are just a tiny bit clumsy. Don't forget HALT.

Hungry. Angry. Lonely. Tired. When I went into that mess

hall, I was all of this except angry and I was probably a

little angry too.

Now, here's an interesting thing about both of these two

incidents. In both cases, I was "wrong". Not big deal wrong.

But wrong from a not being aware and on top of things

aspect. You see, in the incident with my roommate, if I had

been aware, I would have realized that my radio was causing

an infuriating disturbance. And, in this recent incident in

the mess hall, I should have realized that this guy was

deliberately positioned there for the express purpose of

rationing out the ice and here I was responding to his "What

about the rest of the guys?" with the answer, "To

hell with the rest of the guys!"

And, believe it or not, I said that a little unconsciously

because I sort of thought he was joking. You see, I just

wasn't on top of things.

On the street, neither of these things would have been a big

deal. But here, there is a lot less slack.

So, now that I know I'm off, what do I do? Well, I certainly

don't intend to fight this guy who I refer to as "The

Rodent". That could cost me six months extra in the joint.

But, I don't want many more of these incidents either. So,

what I intend to do is lay low for a while until I am

feeling strong and not feeling vulnerable.

You know why I'm going to lay low? It's because I'm

concerned. Not physically scared ("The Rodent" isn't very

threatening) but concerned that I better get back on top

mentally to be more prepared to deal with this environment.

Does it seem like I'm making a big deal out of all this?

Don't kid yourself. It's serious. I'm missing L like crazy

right now, I am missing my freedom, I am angry about having

to be here, I am diminished by my previous confrontation, I

am weak from fasting, I am tired (albeit pleasantly) from my

long run and all the time I spend in the sun and, in

general, I am a bit weakened.

I am starting to make mistakes.

No good. Not here. So, what I intend to do is fall back and

regroup.

I am, for a little while, gong to try to avoid (as far as

possible) my fellow inmates. I'm going to fast tomorrow and

sort of hid out. I don't intend to fast again after that for

another week. You know, when I'm on the street (God, I even

talk like a con now!) I also avoid people whenever I fast

and it is even more important here.

So, first I'm going to lay low and secondly, I am going to

try not to "emerge" until I have pumped a little iron.

You know, I may be wrong but, I think had I been "pumped"

neither of these incidents would have happened. I think this

for two reasons:

1) I would have been more alert and never did the things

that perpetuated these incidents.

2) And secondly, when I am "pumped" and on top of things,

people react differently to me because I send out different

"vibes".

By the way, another way I can tell I am stressed right now

is my vision is a little blurred.

So now, after all this preamble can I relate any of this to

your success at DM and MO? You bet. At the time in my life

when I was making the most money, I followed the same

procedure I am talking about here. Namely: I pay attention

to myself and when I am off, I drop out of sight and do what

is necessary to strengthen myself.

It is important here, it is important out there, and it is

especially important in business dealings. People can smell

it when you are weak. When you are vulnerable. They can

smell success too. They can sniff out a winner.

And you can't fake it. Not for long. You've got to be

it!

Lord I'm tired. My vision is more blurred. And, I have just

made some minor but maybe important changes in my planned

routine over the next little piece of time. I'll tell you

what they are when I resume writing.

What I have decided is, I had better not take a day off

running right now. I intend to run in the morning and fast

tomorrow. And, then, run again Sunday, even though I fasted

the day before. What I'll do I think, is I'll get up early

like (sun up) 5AM and eat a couple oranges and drink a

little coffee and maybe take warm up shower or a longer than

normal warm up walk and then run Sunday too.

Boy, did I just have a good talk! I found a guy here who is

very much like me. His life is stones, he's intelligent,

he's Cherokee Indian and he has had some "incidents" also

and he gave me some good advice. He said you can't sink to

their level. Just don't talk to them. He also said avoid

cursing. And, it's funny; he does the same stuff I do: He

runs, he pumps iron, etc. Maybe a valuable friend.

I'm so tired. I really want to get out of here now.

Since this is the last of my first batch of letters (this is

#25) to you, I am going to try and think of something extra,

maybe a little special to say.

I don't know what. Let's see. How about this? One of the

things I have learned here is how precious the good times

and the good people are. I hope I have learned never

again to not take fare of my special relationships.

Like the one I have with you. Let's remember we've got

something very special and really take care of it.

I Love You and Good Luck!

Dad

P.S.  I've got four more minutes to do to get my hour

in. Let's see. I guess what I want to focus on here at the

end is my resolve to "go underground" and quietly strengthen

myself. I've really got to do it. I've got to transcend

myself.

And, what I think my theme will be is to make a game of

becoming an expert at quietly diffusing explosive situations

and sending out stronger vibes so I have fewer (or maybe

none) encounters to begin with.

That's It!

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.