SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/chapter12.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:03
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

Something Important Even Your

Doctor Doesn't Know About!

Oddly enough, I'm going to start this Chapter by writing a little about the country of Malaysia.

It has been estimated the rain forests of Malaysia contain more than 15,000 different species of plants. By comparison, all of Europe has only 5,000 species of plants and...

Europe Is 20-Times

Larger Than Malaysia!

Many of the plants in Malaysia are used for the production of herbs and nutritional supplements. These are used to treat a wide variety of illnesses and medical conditions. Diabetes. Impotence. HIV. Cancer. High blood pressure. And too many others to mention. Three well-known Malaysian plant species had no known use until recently. Now, these three species are regarded as capable of slowing down or eventually curing the dreaded disease of AIDS.

So, it should come as no surprise that many international bio-tech companies now regard Malaysia as the primary source of medicinal plants.

A bio-tech company in Malaysia has created a very potent herbal formula which can supercharge a man's sex life. The main ingredient in Libidus is a proven aphrodisiac plant called Eurycoma Longifolia. It also contains Eurycoma Longifolia. It also contains Flos Catharmi, Rhizoma Cucurmae, Ginkgo Biloba Extract, Herba Epimedii, Herba Cistanches and Astragalus Membranaceus.

All of which is pure Greek to me.

I wouldn't even be writing about this product expect a friend of mine, Paul Teo, owns the bio-tech company that developed this product and he is a man I believe to be honest. He swears this special formula is 100% herbal and starts working within ten minutes. He says it improves a man's performance, gives him harder and long-lasting erections. He says this formula enhances your sex drive and desire and increases the frequency of your orgasms.

Aside from being a friend of mine, there is one big reason I believe him. His company, Bio-Gulf, also makes another sex-related product called "V-Cream"... for which... he made some incredible claims. Well, I happened to try that product personally... and... it works like crazy! All the claims were TRUE!

Anyway, here is the promotional copy he wrote for Libidus... and... I am reproducing it here because, like I said, I believe he is an honest man...

Dear Friend,

If You Are: looking for a herbal sexual enhancer to stimulate and rejuvenate your sex life, this is going to be the most important message you will ever read.

Here's Why: Buying a sexual enhancer online can be a confusing task. With more than 1,000 brands to choose from - most of them being made with the same popular ingredients like Horny Goat Weed, Yohimbe, Panax Ginseng, L-Arginine, Peruvian Maca Root, Muira Pauma, Damiana and Ginkgo Biloba - it's difficult to choose one that's right for you.

After all, you have nothing to base your selection on, other than what is written on the websites by the manufacturers and marketers. Which, more often than not, are grossly exaggerated claims.

The biggest mistake a person can make when buying a sexual enhancer is to look at its benefits without considering the safety aspect of the product.

Some Sexual Enhancement Nightmares...

Well, we have a few customers with premature ejaculation problem who, upon consuming some herbal sexual enhancers, not only developed body acne (due to presence of steroids in the herbs) but subsequently... became impotent!

Another customer, who was on a popular penis enlargement formula for a month, managed to obtain a 1/4 inch gain but lost 60% of his erection! (Thankfully, Libidus managed to help him regained his manhood.)

So, how is our product, Libidus, any different from the others? What makes Libidus safer than other herbal sexual enhancers?

Well, for one, Libidus...

Does NOT Contain Yohimbe

Unlike 95% of the sexual enhancers in the market, Libidus does not contain Yohimbe, a proven herbal aphrodisiac that works well but... can cause very unpleasant side effects like palpitation, vomiting, insomnia, body aches and aggressive behavior.

While Yohimbe is not illegal in the US, it is banned in many countries throughout the world. That in itself speaks volume about the safety of the herb, especially when you intend to use it for a long period of time.

Secondly, Libidus is...

An Established Brand In 15 Countries

Before Libidus was marketed online, it is already an established brand in countries like Japan, South Africa, China, Vietnam, Cambodia  and Thailand - with combined sales of more than 3,000,000 capsules.

So What? What's The Big Deal?

The "big deal" is this. Selling in those countries through wholesalers is tough, unlike selling on the net where anyone can claim anything without having to show proof.

For our wholesalers to obtain import license to sell Libidus in their own country, we have to provide them with details of our factory (eg. manufacturing license and GMP certificate) and complete information about Libidus (eg. free sales certificate, lab report, Health Ministry approval certificate, ingredients list, recommended dosage, etc.).

This tedious process, which takes about 3-6 months, ensures that Libidus is produced in a GMP-certified factory and that it is safe for consumption (the compulsory lab tests check on the presence of toxic heavy metals, various bacteria and certain hazardous chemicals).

As you can see, the requirements are very strict. That's why on the average, only 1 out of every 30 applications for import license of herbal products is approved.

The point we're trying to make is that, most of the sexual enhancers sold online will not be able to pass these stringent safety and quality control tests.

And since you will be taking the enhancer orally, shouldn't safety be your first and foremost concern?

Consuming these untested products can cost you more than just your money. It could literally cost you... your life.

Having dealt with the issue of product safety, now let me tell you just how effective Libidus is.

Winner of 'The Most Effective

Herbal Sexual Enhancer' Title!

Between Aug 2 and 24, 2003, Herbs & Health News conducted an independent test to determine the most effective male herbal sexual enhancer on the net. 12 leading brands, including Libidus, Imperial Gold Maca, Vigorex, Herbal V and VigRx were tested on 50 couples (with 4 of the men being impotent) for speed of reaction and duration of effectiveness.

Libidus came out tops in both categories, with an average reaction time of 9.8 minutes and duration of effectiveness of 12 hours and 22 minutes.

Here Are Some Comments Made

By Test Participants:

"After consuming Libidus, I was able to maintain a rock-hard erection even after 2 ejaculations. And we had sex for 1 hour 20 minutes. It was simply incredible!"

"Sex has never felt better! My ejaculation was fuller and more powerful."

"The problem I had was with my erection. It just wouldn't stay hard. After taking Libidus, I managed to sustain a very stout erection for more than 40 minutes! Unbelievable!"

"I am impotent due to diabetes. Nothing that I have tried worked. Because of my condition, I dare not try Viagra. Libidus was my life-saver for it gave me an erection that I had never experienced for 5 years!"

Bottom line is, when it comes to safety and effectiveness, very few brands can match Libidus (regardless of their claims).

Now For Some Truly Great News...

On January 2004, we have completed the development of an enhanced version of Libidus.

Using essentially the same ingredients but with stronger herbal extracts, the effects of this enhanced formula can be felt for up to 4 days!

Nothing... no drugs or herbs of such nature... can beat Libidus when it comes to duration of effectiveness!

A Full One-Year Money Back Guarantee!

We're not going to tell you that Libidus will work for you 100%. Even impotency-treatment drugs like Viagra, Cialis and Levitra don't work for everyone, every time.

But the reports from our distributors around the world show an effective rate of 92%. And that is better than most other products out there.

Try a pack of Libidus (enhanced version), before you spend your money on another brand. Worse comes to worst, you feel nothing. But at least you don't put your health at risk by trying something that has not been tested at the lab.

And if you are not satisfied with the results, simply return it for a full refund. No questions asked.

Regards,

Paul C. Teo, President

Bio-Gulf International Corporation, USA

P.S. I want to give special thanks to my friend Gary Halbert (who is one of my customers) and, for believing in my honesty enough to allow me to tell you about Libidus in this book. I can tell you this about Gary: He is not a man who promotes products he does not believe in.

Gary's Note: You can find out about Libidus at www.libidus-pill.com.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

Peace.

Click Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights Reserved.