SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/Boron/TChapter24.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:47:58
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

The Boron Letters - Chapter 24

Thursday, 7:15 AM

July 5, 1984

Dear Son,

Well, I'm feeling better today. I think these short,

frequent days of fasting are really cleaning me out. I

really feel a need now, more than ever, to shed my excess

weight because it is starting to get really hot here. In

fact, I'll be it's 80 degrees or so already this morning.

Anyhow. What I want to tell you this morning is that after

tomorrow I am going to stop writing these letters for a

while. There are several reasons: For example, I need to

review some reference material and take notes and then, more

or less outline, the future letters as my babblings seem to

me to be getting too random. Another thing is that I

want you to get this first batch of 25 letters typed up so I

can easily review them and take notes from them also. And,

also, I need to catch up on some of my other work like

filing my rule 35 motion (a request for a modification of

sentence) so I'll have a chance of getting out of here

earlier.

And, finally, I have a couple of "bankers" who are eager for

me to develop some promotions which they will finance and

then we will split any profits 50/50.

And you know what? I think an excellent way for you to learn

how to make money in this business is to watch over my

shoulder as I begin to create one profitable promotion after

another.

Here's how I'm going to start: First of all, I am going to

go through the SRDS book and make a note of all the lists

that look like hot markets. Then, I'm going to show Eric

this list of lists and ask for his comments. I'm sure he

will be able to add to my lists and maybe he will also be

able to tell me that some of the lists are really not so

hot.

In any case, after all that, I will have a page full of list

selections and I will write you a letter telling you what

lists I have selected. After that, I will put on my thinking

cap and develop some product ideas to try and sell to the

various lists. By the way, I would very much appreciate any

ideas that pop into your head after you see my list of

lists. Well, in any case, after all this, I will sleep on it

and then, pretty soon, I will codify (isn't that a neat

word) and isolate the projects I want to work on.

Then I'll talk to my bankers.

Here's the way it works with my bankers. If they see a

project they would like to be involved with, they will have

to come up with a development fee of $5,000.00. (Believe me,

that's peanuts to these guys.) This $5,000.00 will be used

to create a DM piece and to make a test mailing of that

piece to 2-5M names. We will also use some of the money for

product development.

O.K. after that, if the response is no good, the banker will

eat his $5,000.00 loss and we will go on to the next

project.

If, however, the results look good, we will then proceed to

a larger mailing of perhaps 50,000 pieces. And then, after

we get our results from the 50,000 pieces, if everything

still looks good, we will start rolling out and taking care

of business.

It's a good outline, I think. I intend to keep you informed

every step of the way and I'll let you "live" the

development of these projects with me. And, as a matter of

fact, I think I will let you help me with some of these

projects and give you a small cut of the action.

So, sharpen your driving skills. Do your roadwork and get

cracking on all those other things I told you were good

things to do. I'll join you again on my lunch hour.

Well, kiddo, it's past the lunch hour but better late than

never, eh? Whatever. I'm stuck for a theme again. What do

you suggest? O.K. How about the subject of IMPACT? Good, I'm

glad you agree.

Impact is the impression you or your promotion makes on its

intended target. Someone once said that the average American

is subjected to about 1,500 commercial messages every day.

Probably so. Especially when you count billboards, ads on

TV, ads on radio, ads on the backs of buses, on taxicabs, on

match covers, in newspapers, magazines, direct mail pieces,

etc., etc.

However, out of all those ads very very few have any

appreciable impact. And impact is one of the things I strive

for.

And, what I want to talk about right now is my favorite way

in all the world to achieve impact with my DM promotions.

What I'm talking about is attaching things to the top of my

letters. I've mentioned this before but now I want to go

into it in considerably more detail.

The best letter ever to use this technique was the

classic "dollar bill" letter featured in "The Robert Collier

Letter Book." (must reread)

This was a first class letter that was designed to raise

funds for a children's hospital. When the recipient opened

the envelope he discovered a personal typed letter with a

real honest-to-goodness dollar bill attached to it. The copy

explained that the writer wanted to donate a thousand

dollars to a certain children's hospital but that he

realized that a thousand dollars wouldn't go very far. So,

what he (the writer) had decided to do was divide his

$1,000.00 contribution into 1,000 - one dollar bills and

then mail these bills to 1,000 different people. Now, he

went on to say, what he hoped is that everybody who received

one of these dollar bills would decide not to keep it and,

instead, send it straight to the hospital with one or more

dollars of their own.

Did it work? Oh my! It was probably the most effective

direct mail promotion ever mailed. It got better than a 90%

response and the people to whom it was mailed eventually

contributed tens of millions of dollars!

That's Impact!

Today, in the mail, I received a copy of my Japanese "Penny"

promotion. This promotion, as you know, has a Japanese

"Penny" attached to the top of the letter and the copy says

that the writer is attaching the penny to the letter for two

important reasons.

The first reason is to get attention. And, secondly, because

what the letter has to talk about was discovered in Japan,

the writer felt that some sort of "Japanese" eyecatcher was

appropriate.

This letter is working like crazy. It has impact.

But, be careful. Whatever you attach to the top of your

letters should tie in with the rest of your letter and what

you are selling. It should make sense and fit into the

promotion in a natural way.

Here is an example of how not to use impact: Some companies

print up advertising that, at first glance, looks like a

traffic ticket. Then, they hire kids to put these traffic

ticket type ads on the windshields of parked cars.

What happens is, that the owner of the car comes back to

discover what seems to be a traffic ticket on his windshield

and he, naturally, grabs it forthwith and starts to read it.

It sure gets his attention. It sure achieves impact. The guy

will sure remember that company.

But He Will Remember The

Company With Distaste!

He Will Remember That This

Is A Company That Scared

Him And Made Him Angry!

You know what all that adds up to?

No Sale!

The message is clear: You must not use "cheap tricks". Make

what you attach to the letter "fit in". All it takes is a

little imagination. Let's see if I can come up with a couple

of original examples:

How about attaching an eagle feather to a letter that tells

how these birds are in danger of becoming extinct?

How about attaching a Mexican Peso to a letter that talks

about inflation? I did it and it was a great puller.

How about a computer microchip attached to a letter that

explains why a certain new electronic product is superior to

the competition?

How about my son attaching a picture of himself to a letter

to his old man that tells him how he is getting into good

shape?

How about you send me some ideas along these lines?

I Love You and Good Luck

Dad

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.