SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/iraqisecret.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:50
============================================================

Iraqi Secret —

The Gary Halbert Letter

Email Us

.

Don't waste

your time reading this if you already have so much money

that you are set for life. However, if you could use some extra

money, here's...

.

How

To Make 100% Certain You Make

An Enormous Amount Of "Serious"

Money In 2005!

.

From:

Gary C. Halbert

North of Jewfish Creek

Monday, October 25th, 4:37 p.m.

Dear friend and subscriber,

Are

you already rich?

If not, you need to be 100% certain you make an enormous amount of

money in the Year 2005... which... of course... is right around the

corner...

Here

is why: We are now living in

the most uncertain time in the entire history of our country.

By this time next year, there may be peace and democracy in

Iraq.  Or, it could be such an awful mess, it is draining our

country of several hundred billion dollars per month...

Or maybe the situation in Iraq

will be something in between  I just don't know.

Neither do you.  And nobody else knows either.  What

about the price of gasoline?

Maybe it will be ten dollars or

more per gallon.  (It already is in some

countries.)   Or maybe it will drop to $1.25 (or

less) per gallon.  Again, I don't know  and neither

do you nor anyone else...

Same thing with the economy in

general. A year from now, things may be rosy. Maybe everybody will have

jobs and plenty of money. Maybe not. Maybe there will be a 30%

unemployment rate and most people will be struggling just to survive.

Maybe it will turn out to be something in the middle.

Terrorism!

Maybe they'll blow up the Statue of Liberty, the stock exchange and the

two nuclear power plants just south of Los Angeles. Maybe nothing will

happen. The point is...

.

Nobody

In TheWorld

Can Now Predict The Future

With Any Degree Of Certainty Whatsoever!

.

But, I'll tell you

what I CAN do: I can show you (if you act right now) how to make a ton

of money in 2005... no matter what happens!

Look, about 30 years ago, I decided I wanted to

become the best

copywriter who ever lived. I've achieved that goal. At least I've

achieved it in my own mind (the only place that really counts) and, to

my own satisfaction. Now, I want something different. Now I want...

To Be The Best

CopywritingTeacher

In

The World!

And,

by God, I think maybe I am. Listen up: I have a friend who is,

arguably, the deadliest man on earth when it comes to hand-to-hand

fighting. What he likes, after he trains someone is, to have that

person go hang out in biker bars. He doesn't tell them to pick

fights... because... he knows the bikers will

take care of that part.

Anyway,

just to stay "tuned-up" my friend goes out to a biker bar every once in

a while, all by himself. He just sits there until one or more bikers

(the more the merrier) starts to pick a fight with him... and then...

He

Beats The Living Shit Out

Of

Everybody In The Bar!

He's been doing this

for years. Now, let me ask you something: If you HAD to learn how to

fight (like maybe you knew you were going to have to defend your wife,

your kids or one of your closest friends) who would you want to teach

you how to fight? Some movie star, kick-boxing, karate guy like Chuck

Norris (who literally has never been in a fight in his life)?

I don't think you'd

chose him to teach you. Not if your life depended on it.

I

think you'd rather be trained by someone like my friend who has... in

real life... been putting his ass on the line for years... and... who

is always ready to do it again.

Anytime. Anywhere. Anyplace.

.

The choice is obvious. Unless you are a complete

moron, you always bet on a guy who "walks-the-walk" instead of some

lame dipshit who just "talks-the-talk". And, when it comes to

copywriting... I'm the one who "walks-the-walk"... and... walks it

best! I'm the only teacher in the world who has been hanging out in the

"biker bars of marketing" for more than 30 years... and... who is

always ready and willing to prove he is the best copywriter who ever

lived.

Anytime. Anywhere. Anyplace.

.

Do you have the guts to go into the baddest "biker

bars of marketing" with me? I'm NOT going to lie and tell you it's

going to be easy. I'm NOT going lie and tell you it's not going to be

scary...

It

is NOT easy. It IS scary. It'll jolt the hell out of you. But if you

have the "heart" for it.

You

Can Achieve Total Financial Freedom

For The Rest Of Your Life!

You

can get everything you need in the way of "equipment" from your local

drug store for $1.39. (I actually went out and priced it.) You can, if

you choose, work at home from your kitchen table. You can live anywhere

you want. You can make huge amounts of money in a remote

"Unabomber-type" cabin, a motor home, a boat... or... a mansion (you'll

be able to afford one)... or... a more conventional type "normal"

office. It just doesn't matter.

Best

of all, you will never have to kiss anybody's ass for money... ever

again

Listen up: A long time ago, I met a

man I thought I despised. I was in the Army in Fort Knox, Kentucky in

basic training. He was a little Puerto Rican guy and he was my platoon

sergeant. He was very unfair to me. Once, we were going

through tear gas training and my mask slipped off and I got sick.

During the march back to camp, I felt so bad, I fell down. I figured my

sergeant would tell some of the other guys to hold me up and help me

make it back.

However, he didn't "exactly" do

that. No, instead he yelled to the other guys...  "Don't

stop for him! Walk right over him! Kick him as you go by! KICK HIM!"

I

got up and made it all by myself.

He hardly

ever let me get any sleep either. Maybe an average of three hours per

night. He made me the "goat" of the platoon. I got all the shitty

assignments. No matter how bad I felt, how little sleep I got, he just

kept pushing... pushing... and pushing me. I can still remember him

yelling at me right after I'd field-stripped my M1 rifle (that dates

me, doesn't it?) and was having trouble putting it back together.

This

guy just didn't care. Like I said, it didn't matter if I was sick,

exhausted from lack of sleep, nauseous from tear gas or whatever. He

just kept pushing, yelling and

forcing me to perform.

I

hated

him. I mean, I  REALLY hated him.

Or,

so I thought. You see, when basic training was over (finally, thank

God), he had a private conversation with me. He told me not to have a bad opinion of myself. That

he

didn't. He said that during every basic training bootcamp, there is

always one guy who gets picked to be the "goat"... and... how

that guy

always gets pushed harder than the others. How the "goat" sort of sets

the standard (in basic training) for what a soldier can endure. He told

me he really cared about me. How much he wanted me to make it. How

important that was to him.

He

was telling the truth.

You

know, since that time, I've had to (as I'm sure you have also) walk

down many mean streets. For three years I was an MP in Europe operating

under extremely stressful conditions. I was selected to go through some

very special training at a certain U.S. government "facility" in

Oberammergau, Germany... the existence of which... is not even dreamed

about by any civilians and, very few

commanding officers. Even in the highest echelons of the military. I

think maybe I shouldn't write much about  that but, I can tell you, the violent types I was

introduced to there are far worse than   any nightmare you've  ever had. I've been a prison guard and a

prison inmate. I've gone up against guys with guns, guys with knives...

and once... I had to cripple a guy twice my size who just simply gave

me no other choice.

The

problem with all this is, I'm not an especially tough person and this

kind of stuff really frightens me. What has been even more scary is

standing up to the U.S. government and all the steel-edged, stone-cold,

ethically devoid, soulless assholes you encounter when trying to do

business in America these days. But so far (thank God and cross my

fingers) I've survived it all... and even prospered BIG TIME... and...

I do believe part of my survival and part of my successes (business,

personal and military) can be credited to the "mindset training" I got

from that little Puerto Rican drill sergeant

See,

he knew something I didn't. He knew, in real life, you don't get to

yell,   "Time out" when you are sick, tired and scared... and then...

have the enemy cut you some slack. NO! As real life teaches us all...

The

Enemy Will Rejoice In

And

Exploit Your Misery!

So

it is in the battlefields of war. And, so it is in the battlefields of

business.

.

Listen: Some time ago, I gave a

seminar most of my readers don't know about. It was a brutal seminar. At the end of

that seminar, one man was sobbing. He'd become so emotional, he

couldn't speak any more. Was he angry with me? No, not all. He was

grateful. What I did was, I attacked and demolished a project he was

working on which didn't have a prayer of succeeding. I made him "GET

IT" right then and there... before... he wasted any more of his time

and money. I wrote out on my easel and made him scream the following

instructions...

"Abandon This Stupid,

Bullshit Project!"

It

wasn't an act of cruelty. It was an act of kindness. And, I'm proud to

say he and everyone else in that seminar room perceived it as such.

Ever

hear of Jeff Paul? In those days he was so broke, he couldn't afford to

eat in the restaurant where the seminar was being held. What he was

doing (unbeknownst to me) was hiding out in his hotel room with his

wife and they were eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.

At

that time, Jeff was trying to sell a $700 golf putter... and... I wrote

a sales letter for him at the seminar right there in front of him and

all the other attendees.

Jeff

and his wife don't eat many peanut butter and jelly sandwiches anymore.

He's a multi, multi-millionaire with TV infomercials, and Internet and

direct mail promotions that provide him with all the time and money to

buy or do... anything he wants!

And

what about Joe Polish? Ever hear of him? The top guru of carpet

cleaners? He was there too. Ask him how many millions he has made

because of me.

Another

attendee was Ross Jeffries, a guy who teaches "Speed Seduction." Now he

"suffers" trying to figure out what to do with all the money and women

he's got. Ask him what that seminar did for him.

Look,

I can't take credit for the success of Jeff Paul, Joe Polish, Ross

Jeffries and all the others who became rich because of what they

learned at my seminar. They made their successes themselves. And, I

believe they have so much drive and ambition, they all would have made

it with or without me.

But,

I do think I can take a little credit for being the "ass-kicker" that

got them all "jump started".

You

know,

at that seminar, there were a number of people who had been reading my

newsletters and going to my seminars for more than ten years. Every so

often, one of them would stand up and say something like this:

"Listen to Gary, damnit! I had a hard time myself

accepting something he had told me to do six years ago... but... he was

right. And now, well now I make over $1,000,000 per year!"

By

the way, that particular remark was made by Dr. Gerald McCarthy of

Omaha, Nebraska. Who said...  as near as he can figure... he

has made about 9-3/4 million dollars from doing everything I taught him.

I've never had

testimonial letters like the ones that poured in from the attendees of

that  seminar. I'm thinking about having them all bound

together and literally making a book out of them. Can you imagine...

Having

An Entire BookOf

Nothing But Rave Testimonials?!

Enough.

Blowing your own horn is fine but, there should be a limit... even for

me. So, let's get to the important stuff. Just what was it

I taught these people which seems to have

literally turned around so many of their lives? Well, first and

foremost, I revealed to them what I

promised

to reveal. Here's a summary of just a

small part of

the important data I delivered:

This time, I truly spilled my guts! For the first time in my career, I revealed everything I know about how to write "killer" sales letters. Including, all my special "dirty tricks" that don't give other copywriters even a chance... when... they're up against me!I taught them... what to write about... and... how to write it. I taught them the exact words to use!

I taught them how to write brilliant copy... even on those days... when their minds are frozen!

I taught them exactly what "theme" they should take with different kinds of sales letters!

I gave them a "masterpiece collection" of 57 sales letters... already written and tested... that have already been mailed and have already pulled in millions of dollars!

Do you have any idea what a collection of "masterpiece letters" like this is worth? A real, no-bullshit collection of "killer" letters that have made copywriters rich? You won't ever get a collection of letters like this from anyone else. These are letters anybody can "modify" to work for any mailing campaign in the entire world!

I taught the attendees how to write a sales letter to get themselves a woman. A new job. A new client. To jump-start a new business. To sell their house. To "steal" a valuable employee from another company. In short, I taught all of them how to write a sales letter... that... would get them anything they wanted!

I explained how to gethundreds of glowing (and true) testimonials from all of their customers for free... and exactly... what to do with them to generate bigger profits!

I taught them how to write copy so it

"talks-the-talk" of any group of people to whom they write a sales

message. This secret weapon will make even the most skeptical of

prospects... stand in line and  beg the person who wrote the letter to take

their money!

A

weird (but effective) way to find the mailing lists that are perfect

for your campaigns... and... how to test those

lists... without mailing a single letter!

A truly "no brainer" (yet almost always overlooked)

way to "bump up" the size of your average order by 112% or more...

automatically!

The

exact words you should use to write a money-back guarantee that...

increases sales... and... reduces refunds!

A "can't miss" way to get cash-rich investors to

bankroll your projects...

at zero interest!

How

to immediately find and qualify that

special "core group" of people who will be the best customers you will ever have! (It seems nobody but me knows it... but... there is always  what I call the "list-hidden-in-the-list" which is made up of people

who are... starving to

buy what you are selling!)

A simple way to identify those special mailing

lists that almost can't fail to

make a profit! (This is so simple, even someone "braindead" could do

it.)

What kind of music you should always

have playing when you are working... and... what exact volume it should

be. NOTE:  This will improve the quality of your writing

by

9%!

What

exact temperature the room where you are writing must be. This will give

you another edge!

(A 7% edge to be exact.)

Exactly

what you must eat

(on days when you are writing)... and...

exactly when you

should eat it! (Another 4%

edge.)

The amazing secret of how to make

compiled lists work. These are the biggest lists of all (some of them

have 160 million names)... and... when you learn this, your profit

potential will expand almost beyond belief!

How

to create your very own super hot mailing list for spare change... and

why...

this could turn into your hottest profit center ever!

Listen

up: I taught the attendees each one of those secrets... and... MUCH

MORE! You can ask anybody who was there. But, I went beyond (way

beyond) what I promised to deliver. What I actually delivered (in

addition

to what I promised) was something...   far

more valuable!

And, it is

this "something" that

got everybody frothing at the mouth. Here's part of it: One of the

attendees, Larry Lee, a really neat little Oriental guy, asked me the

following question:

"Gary,

what is the one best thing each of us could do to make

$1,000,000 in the next 12 months?"

I

paused to think for a moment... and then... I spilled out a

step-by-step, high-speed method of   EXACTLY what I would do... if I were starting

from zero... and.. I HAD to make a million dollars in the next 12

months.

You

know, I did not anticipate that question. And, to come up with the

answer, I had to go into my "gun-to-the-head" mode of thinking. This is

where I put myself (on an emotional basis) where it feels like

someone... for real...

will murder my children if I don't write a winner... or... as, in this

case, come up with a winning plan.

And

guess what else?

I didn't even know I knew what I knew... until... I was put

on the spot by that question. There was a sense of tension,

anticipation and wonderment... but... when I finished giving a

BRILLIANT answer to that question...

The

Entire Room Burst

Into Simultaneous

Applause!

There

were a lot of surprises at that seminar. Even for me. The room was

crackling with electricity. Nothing compares to the excitement of

working with a group of world-class minds and people supercharged with

excitement and totally...   "tuned in" and

"turned on" by

what all of us were focusing on!

And

listen to this: This is the very best seminar on copywriting I have

ever given. Or, for that matter, anyone else has ever given. This

seminar occurred shortly before the new millennium. And mostly, it was

about how to profit using what is now called "off-line" methods of

doing business. But you know what? Everything I taught these people is

now... because of the viability of the world wide web and the

Internet...

1,000% Times MORE Valuable!

All

of this seminar was captured on audio tape. But those tapes were stolen

and after they were recovered, they were lost. (It's a long story and

I'll probably write about it some day in one of my newsletters.) But

guess what? Because of all the recent hurricanes in Florida, I had to

go to my storage facility and check on the condition of all the

supplies and products we keep there for safe keeping. And guess what?

In the course of doing this inventory...

I

Found The Tapes

Of That Copywriting Seminar!

If

you are serious about making money, you need to have these tapes.

And... you should probably listen to them at least three or four

times... every year... for the rest of your life.

When

you listen to these tapes, it's going to be like you were sitting right

there next to me

at the seminar in person. You see, I was "mic'd up" with a Shure

pro-quality cordless lavaliere... so... YOU can hear every

whisper I uttered. (Something most of the

attendees often missed.) There were constant distractions at the

seminar too. The attendees couldn't hit the "pause" button and go to

the bathroom, or get a drink of water, or listen to whatever insanity

their neighbor was discharging into their ear while I was talking. The

attendees were constantly swamped with stimuli, which was exciting and

good for on-the-spot learning... but... they often missed things too.

However...

YOU Won't Miss

A Single Second!

There

were surprises for me

too in these tapes! Because, you see, there were four "ambient"

microphones spread around the room. Therefore, there isn't a question,

comment or rude muttering that gets lost. Listening to these audio

tapes, you are not just a "fly on the wall"... it's more like... you

are   God...

with the nearly omnipotent power to hear everything... and...

know everything

from an insider's viewpoint. And if you miss anything, all you have to

do is rewind and hear it again!

By

the way, I advertised for "Speed Demon Typists" in the

Miami Herald,

got 199 replies, and hired a "virtual platoon" of the best typists in

Miami to transcribe every word spoken at the seminar.

So,

if you purchase these seminar tapes, you will ALSO get a complete set

of what I call the "57 Masterpiece Letters"... AND... a written

transcript of the seminar.

Are

you starting to get the idea that maybe I took this seminar more

seriously than any other seminar I've ever given? If so... YOU ARE

RIGHT!

One

day, while I was driving in my car listening to some audio tapes, I had

an epiphany. I realized this was the first seminar I'd ever given

where... I held nothing back...

and instead of trying to please the audience and tell them what they

"thought" they needed to know...

I

Taught Them What They

Really NEEDED To Know!

What

I did for that audience of attendees is much like what that brutal

little Puerto Rican drill sergeant did for me. He "got" to me. In ways

that have benefitted me all the rest of my life. And I have come to

realize that, what I have to teach, if I do NOT hold back... can

literally...

Transform

People's Lives!

And

now, I have, I believe, found my "mission" in life. It may sound corny

but, I really LOVE making a difference. In all honesty, I believe what

I have to share with people is totally unique, extremely valuable... and...

available nowhere else on earth!

Can

you imagine what it would be like to never again have to kiss anybody's

ass... or... do anything... you don't want to do, in order to get

money? Can you imagine having a business that brings in thousands of

orders every day... and... running it from your kitchen table, your

bedroom, or even your back yard... with

zero

employees?  You CAN have it!

Do

It! Get This Material!

STOP MESSING AROUND WITH YOUR LIFE

RIGHT NOW! This is the   real, no-bullshit way to financial independence. My

attendees raved about this seminar even though...

1.

They had to pay round-trip airfare to come!

2.

They had

to take time off from their own businesses or jobs!

3. They had to pay hotel and other travel

expenses!

4.

Plus, of course,   they had to pay

the $2,700.00 tuition fee to attend the seminar!

Some

of those attendees forked over (when you consider their expenses)

nearly $8,000 to attend this 3-day event. But, all you have to pay to

get all the audios (there are 18 tapes recorded on both sides)... the

written transcript of the seminar... and... the "57 Masterpiece

Letters"... is the tuition fee. That's right. You only have to pay the

$2,700 tuition fee which was just a small portion of what the attendees

had to sacrifice for the same information.

What

this package is, is a   culmination of my

life's work...

and...

YOUR

Key To

Financial Independence!

You

can order this material by check or credit card. I'll even let you make

payments if necessary. But, there is a "catch". You have to talk with

me personally before

you can order... and... there's a reason for this. You see, I've

discovered a secret anybody can use to make a lot of money... if...

they use it...

Between Now And

The First Of The New Year!

It's

a secret that will work because of the conflict of the Middle East.

And, it will work like crazy! If you can't make money with this secret,

you are beyond all hope. And listen: Making money by using this secret

will not make you unpatriotic. Just the opposite. You will be making

money

because of the situation in the Middle East... and... by

using this secret, you will be helping

solve the

problems over there.

You

are NOT going to learn this secret over the Internet. And, I am NOT

going to reveal it to you in a letter. You can ONLY learn it from me

personally by

talking to me on the phone AFTER you have decided to buy the seminar

tapes I have described in this letter.

So,

if you want to get the tapes and materials described in this letter

(and the very time-sensitive

money-making secret), you must talk with me personally.

Are

you interested in any of this? If so, you need to e-mail me your name

and telephone number and tell me what time zone you are in and a couple

of different times for me to call you.

But,

we've got to do this quick like a bunny. You see, I know this secret

will work until the first of the year. And, I

think it

will work after that. But, I can't be sure because the situation in the

Middle East changes quite rapidly.

2015 UPDATE!: We Now Have This Seminar Available At halbertising.com... Click Here To Go There Now And Get All The Exciting Details!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S. Send your e-mail message with your phone

number, your time zone, and a couple different times for me to call you

to...

Peace.