SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/motherlode.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:22
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of

Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber

I just

came back from attending John Reese's seminar on Internet marketing.

It was,

hands down, the best, most informative seminar I've ever attended.

Actually, it was almost too much. He packed so much useful info about Internet

marketing into three days, it set every attendee's mind literally on fire. In

fact, my mind was so fired up, I've been suffering a temporary "brain meltdown".

I once

told Ed Dale I thought I knew more about how to increase website profits than

anyone else in the world.

What

bullshit. John knows... so damn much... about how to profit from the

Internet, he makes me (and everyone else I've ever met) seem like we are just

learning the alphabet... while he... is already writing best-selling novels.

When it

comes to making Internet profits, John Reese is truly the 500-pound gorilla.

Nobody else can touch him. If you ever get a chance to go to a seminar where he

is teaching, you are insane if you don't attend. I told him at the seminar he

had presented me with a challenge. Which was, "How the hell am I going to

take credit for all your ideas and breakthroughs?"

He made

a very gracious (and I believe heartfelt) reply. He said, "Gary, you can take

credit for a lot of this information because it was your newsletters (and the

information from a few other marketing gurus) that blazed the trail for me and

got me going."

Truth

be told, he would have gotten to where he is without me. But, I am

conceited enough to believe my teachings and writings may have shaved a few

years off the time it took him to get where he is.

If it's

not true, don't tell me. I've found it useful to believe what I LIKE to believe,

whether it's true or not.

Anyway,

after all that, is there anything else you need to know... even if... you did

attend John's seminar?

I think

there is... and... I'm going to give my own seminar which I think will give out

some very important info never before revealed. My seminar is titled:

How To WRITE

A Website Pitch

That Will Make You

Rich!

One

comment I made at John's seminar was about how I believe all Internet marketers

should study non-Internet marketing... and... pre-Internet marketing.

You

see, if someone already knows how to write a great print ad or direct mail

letter, he'll be able to put all the website secrets he knows on steroids!

Listen:

All writing of sales pitches are related. Learning to write a great direct mail

pitch will help you write a great newspaper ad, a TV commercial, etc. But, there

are differences between certain things you need to know to write for each

different media. Much will be the same but, there will be important

differences...

Especially When It Comes

To Writing A Website

Pitch!

And,

I'm gonna teach you how. My seminar will probably be held somewhere in the first

two weeks of May. I've given seminars that range in cost from $7,000 to $12,000.

This one's NOT going to be nearly as expensive. It's NOT going to have a "give

away" price either... but... it IS going to be low-priced enough so money will

NOT be an excuse for anyone not to attend.

I don't

know exactly where this seminar will be held. But, I do know it will be

in either Miami or Orlando. It's going to depend on the best hotel for rooms and

a conference center my Trusty Assistant, Theresa can arrange.

I'll

tell you all the details very soon... but... in the meantime, DON'T make any

other plans for the first couple weeks in May.

In the

meantime, I've got something to offer you. I think you're going to be VERY

interested in this. And, here's a little secret: My brain was so impacted with

all the GREAT info from John Reese's seminar, I had Theresa write the copy that

follows. So, take it away Theresa...

Whether you're a novice,

intermediate or a skilled copywriter...

you need to know...

How To Get Your

Hands On

"The Motherload"!

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

By now, I'm sure you've read a number of my newsletters I publish for free

on my website.

And I'm sure by now, you realize I am a no bullshit,

teach-them-what-they-need-to-know kinda guy.

But what you may not know is, I have NOT given you everything

I have to offer on my website.

You see, in addition to haven written hundreds of newsletters over the

years, I have also written hundreds of sales letters. Sales letters

for myself and for my clients. Pitches selling everything from high-ticket

seminars ($6,950)... to low-end books ($19.95)... and of course,

everything in between.

Last week I attended a seminar where a number of attendees had what I

consider, enormous Internet skills. They know their stuff down cold when

it comes to getting any and everywhere on the worldwide web.

But, I have to admit, I was surprised at their lack of marketing

skills. What good is it to be able to find your way around the web...

if... you don't stand a chance of selling anything?

That's when it hit me! These people (and I'm sure many others like them)

need my help. And I remember my mama always telling me...

"Teach Them By Example!"

But before I get into the "guts" of this letter, I have a little exercise

for you to do. Let me ask you a couple questions and be honest when you

answer them. Since no one will see your answers, go ahead and put a check

mark (√)

in each block where the situation applies to you:

□

Question 1:

Do you

cringe at the mere thought of having to come

up with a

"killer" headline?

□

Question 2:

Do you get

writer's block knowing you basically

have the

first 30 to 60 seconds... the first paragraph or two... to catch

your reader's attention?

□

Question 3:

Do you

suffer from migraine headaches trying to write body

copy that

whets your potential customer's appetite... forcing him to read from

one paragraph to the next to the next?

□

Question 4:

Do you come

up empty on "bullets"?

□

Question 5:

Do you flop

around like a fish out of water in your closing?

□

Question 6:

Do you need

a captivating P.S. to pull the "maybe I'll buy"

customers

over to the paying side?

□

Question 7:

Do you go

blank when it comes time to write an order coupon?

If you checked off even one of the above boxes, then you need my...

"Motherload Collection

Of Marketing Masterpieces!"

What's amazing about this "Motherload Collection" is the wide variety of

subjects... the vast amount of copywriting techniques... the humongous

examples of strategies... that, when applied to your advertising (whether

online, direct mail letters, newspapers or otherwise) will improve your

results...

Dramatically...

And... Instantly!

I've put together a combination of hundreds of sales pieces including

sales letters, newspaper ads, and website promotions which you can use as

a template to get your own advertising in high gear. Here's a taste

of some of the HEADLINES you'll get:

Here's How You Can Get

The Tapes Of My $6,250.00

"Seminar Of The Century"

ABSOLUTELY FREE!

Would You Accept A Bribe Worth

$2,855 To Renew Your Subscription

To Gary's Newsletter?

How To Use The Secrets Of "Killer"

Advertising To Get More New

Customers Than

Your Business Can Handle!

Free Video Tapes Reveal

11-New Ways To Make Extra

Money In 1996!

An Open Letter To Anyone Who

Has Just Finished Reading My Book

And

Is Now Ready To Make Some Serious

Money!

An Embarrassing Situation

Revealed By Gary's

"Trusty Assistant" Theresa

The Amazing Marketing Miracles

Created By Sir Gary Of Halbert!

Free Report Reveals

46 Hot Products You Can Sell

By Computer Or Mail Order!

An Open Letter To Every Attractive

Woman In Miami Who Is Serious About

Having A Career As A Professional

Model

But maybe headlines come to you easy. Maybe you're one of the lucky few

who can rattle one off the top of your head. But then... ah then... you

have to start writing! And you have to write such compelling copy in the

first opening paragraphs, your mind goes blank. Where to start?

With examples like these, you ought to be able to get out of the "starting

gate":

If you

would like to double or triple your income in 1996, this may be the

most important letter you will ever read.

Here is why:

Until a short time ago, there was a place in Key West, Florida

called "The College of Millionaires". It was created by a man named

Gary C. Halbert. What Halbert and his "college" became famous for,

was giving intense "secret" 3-1/2 day seminars... which cost... each

attendee $6,950... just to get in the door! (NOTE: This price

did not include travel or hotel expenses!)

Would you like

to know all about several low-cost advertising "tricks" that can get

you more new business than you could ever hope to handle?

If you are

already a professional model or, if you'd like to be, this is going

to be the most exciting message you will ever read.

On the

other hand, if you want to be a model... but... you don't really

have what it takes... this message can save you thousands of dollars

and a great deal of misery and heartbreak.

I am

sending you, along with this letter, a small gift.

If you

have just finished reading my book, "How To Make Maximum Money In

Minimum Time" you already know my advertising secrets have

generated millions of dollars.

Would you

like to get your share of some of this money? If so, here is good

news. Recently, I conducted a seminar (yadda yadda)

Do you

have the guts to do... whatever it takes... to protect

yourself, your family and your home?

Here's a

true story that makes me feel a little bit stupid.

Have I

ever got a deal for you!

Do you

remember the letter I sent to you with a $1.00 bill attached to

the first page?

Have I

ever got a deal for you!

Listen: I

am about to make you the most interesting proposition you've ever

heard. And, if you go along with my idea, you can get the tapes of

my mind-blowing seminar (and all the other material that came with

the seminar) at no cost whatsoever!

My name is

Larry Williams and I'm going to get right down to business.

I'm going

to fill you in on a little secret and you must keep it between you

and me. You see, if the "Head Hauncho" found out what I'm doing...

It

Could Cost Me

My

Job!

A few days

ago I sent you a 12-page letter with a free audio tape scotch-taped

to the first page.

If you can make it past those two "hurdles" (writing a "killer" headline

and a captivating introduction), the next part of writing copy ought to

come more easily to you. After all, it's basically writing a story. A

story about why the customer should give you his hard-earned money.

Does your story... your "body copy"... compel the reader to continue

reading? Compare your own copy with these tidbits from my "Motherload

Collection":

I was

embarrassed. I didn't know what to do. I felt like a fool. So, what

I did was, I put a fifty dollar bill on the table, mumbled something

about how that should cover lunch... and... I got the hell out of

there. I went back to work, closed the door to my office and buried

myself in work. I didn't feel like talking to anybody, especially

Lauren.

In these

FREE video tapes and FREE reports, Halbert teaches you the right

way to use these powerful money-making weapons... plus... how to

raise money without borrowing... how to get movie and TV stars to

help you with your selling efforts... how to get free advertising...

and... many other little-known insider secrets. Here is a brief

"preview" of what you will learn when you watch these FREE tapes and

read the FREE reports:

That's the

bad news. The good news is, before closing the doors, Halbert gave a

"mini-version" of his famous "Seminar for Millionaires" and... for

the first time...

This is a

"win-win" deal for everybody. I get new subscribers to "The Gary

Halbert Letter" in the fastest way possible... and... the people

(like you) who are mailing the sales letters get both "hands-on"

experience... and... good profits! Here are the most common

questions people are asking:

Now,

I've also got to tell you that, in addition to the money you've got

to lay out for this incredible offer, you must also know there are

two "strings" attached:

STRING #1:

You must listen to all the tapes before (yadda yadda)

STRING #2:      You must

schedule your hot seat with me before (yadda   yadda)

Before I

tell you in detail about everything you get, I'd like to take a

moment to explain why I've decided to make this offer. As

I've often said, whenever (yadda yadda)

Here then, is a list of all

the components which, except for #1, I am free to tell you about in

glowing detail:

COMPONENT #1:

Complete access

to my secret network of "money

people" as described above.

COMPONENT #2:

Approximately 30

hours of video tape (VHS)

COMPONENT #3:

Approximately 37

hours of audio tape (on cassettes).

COMPONENT #4:

All seminar "pass

out" materials.

If you

answered "yes" to any of the above questions, you should try Gary

Halbert's "crazy idea". You'll learn all about it when you watch the

FREE video tapes and you should remember this: That "crazy letter

idea" brought in...

But, the

people Lee likes to train most of all... are fathers. Men

with families to protect. Men who take very seriously the obligation

to protect their wives, children, other loved ones and their homes.

"The worst thing a man can face" says Lee, "is to have his

family attacked and not be able to do anything about it."

Until

recently, nobody knew about this except certain people (like

Princess Diana!) who were very rich and who lived in Europe.

Now, however, some of the most famous faces in Hollywood have

learned about this secret treatment and they are raving about it. In

fact, Lisa showed me some "before and after" pictures of Suzanne

Sommers and you wouldn't believe the difference. She looks years

younger!

The

attendees had to pay $6,250 to get this info. They also had to pay

it all up front (no credit, no discounts) and they had to spring for

their own hotel and travel expenses. And, since the attendees came

from all over the globe (one man came from France and brought a

private interpreter; another flew in from Johannesburg, South

Africa), many people paid over $15,000 to $20,000 to get this info!

And, if you accept my proposition, you get it all...

Free! Free! Free! Free!

STOP

MESSING AROUND WITH YOUR LIFE RIGHT NOW! This is the real,

no bullshit way to financial independence. My attendees are raving

about this seminar even though...

But,

you've got to know exactly how to do it. You know, it took

Halbert 15 years to discover this neat little trick... but now... by

simply watching the FREE video tapes, you can learn how to use this

dirt-cheap little money-maker in just 15 minutes!

OK, that's

it. You've just read a detailed description of what you can learn by

watching the video tapes of Halbert's recent seminar and reading the

exact same money-making reports he gave everybody who attended. Why

is Halbert willing to send you these reports and video tapes...

and... send them FREE? The answer is simple: It's a bribe!

It's a shameless bribe to get you to sign up for a trial

subscription to his unique marketing and money-making newsletter

called "The Gary Halbert Letter".

And every good copywriter knows you HAVE to break up a sales letter or

newspaper ad or even website copy with "eye relief". One key way to do

that is with "bullets".

"Bullets" are usually very short... and very concise... hard-hitting tasty

nuggets that make your reader say, "Yes! I want to know that!" or

"Yes! I need to have that!" or "Yes! That describes me exactly!"

And once you've got them saying, "Yes! Yes! Yes!" then, my friend,

you've got them right where you want them...

Ready To Fork

Over

Their Money To

You!

Let's see if I can get you saying, "Yes! Yes! Yes!" with any of

these bullets from my "Motherload Collection":

Are you a salesman who needs more leads?

Do you have a furniture store, a restaurant, a car dealership, a hot dog

stand or some other kind of establishment you'd like to see swamped with

customers?

Are you an M.D., a dentist, a chiropractor, an optometrist, a therapist or

any other kind of health care professional who would like to see your

waiting room just bursting with new patients?

How to use envelopes to "induce guilt".

The exact words you should use to write a money-back guarantee that...

increases sales... and... reduces refunds!

The most important key to making really serious money.

Examples of winning formulas and "double customization".

A good "boilerplate" P.S. that can make your sales letters twice as

effective!

The ultimate layout for an order coupon.

8 things you should have at hand before you start to write an ad or direct

mail piece.

A special treatment a woman should give to her face when she turns 30!

Another special treatment a woman should give to her face when she turns

40!

Another special treatment a woman should give to her face when she turns

50!

And finally, a special treatment a woman should give her face

every day

after she turns 60!

Where to get a special outfit costing only $38.00 which will make a

woman's body look up to 25 pounds lighter... the moment she puts it on!

Another way to bring "eye-relief" to your

reader without losing him, is to throw in occasional "subheadings". These

priceless jewels can accomplish one of two things:

1.   It can bring the preceding paragraph to

a head... or...

2.   It can inform the reader of the next

direction you are heading.

Subheadings do not always have to be short. Nor do they have to be long.

Sometimes a simple statement works best. Other times a question is posed.

Want to get a sneak peek at some of the countless subheadings you'll be

able to tweak and twist for your own advertising? I thought so...

I

Know How You Feel

Halbert Will Not

Process Your

Credit Card Charge

For At Least

31-Days!

Why Would

Anyone Pay Almost $7,000

To Attend A 3-1/2

Day Seminar?

How To

Make Your Ad In The Yellow Pages Pull

In 400%

More Business Than It Does Now...

At No

Extra Charge!

Who Needs This Secret?

Here's The Clincher!

You

Should Pass

On This Offer!

An Amazing Secret That Can Make

Your Newspaper Advertising Up To

750% More Profitable!

Your Check Will Never Be

Cashed...

OR... Your Credit Card Will

Never Be Charged!

What Could Anyone Learn In Just A

Few Hours

That Could Offer Such Outstanding

Results?

More Than 7,300,000 Replies!

What shocks me as I read other people's pitches, is their inability of

closing the deal. Not necessarily the "give-me-your-money" ordering

instructions. What I'm talking about is the segue, the transition... into

why your customer should put his hands in his pockets and hand you

his moola.

Here are a few examples from my "Motherload Collection":

If you

think you can get what I have to offer from some $10.00 "Lazy Man's"

book you are sadly misguided. If you think you can buy some mail

order course or get all this somewhere else for $30.00 to $40.00 or

some such price, you are welcome to try. However, if you sincerely

want to stop messing around and finally get the facts from someone

who knows his business cold, then, my friend, I'd love to meet you.

How much

is your subscription to my newsletter? A lot. In fact, I

suspect when you see the price on the subscription form (it's inside

the yellow sheet of paper enclosed with this letter) you are going

to gasp.

That's OK with

me... I know what I am worth! So, after you recover from your

mild case of "sticker shock" try to remember:

This Offer Is 100% Risk-Free...

And... The

Price Is Less

Than 1% Of

The Value!

Here's the

deal: If you will agree to a 1-year trial subscription to his

newsletter, Halbert will send you all of the video tapes and the

money-making reports you've just read about... and... he'll send you

all this FREE! And, to make it even better, if you decide to cancel

your subscription at any time within the year, he will immediately

send you a full and complete pro-rata refund... and...

He Will

Still Let You Keep The Free

Video Tapes

And Reports!

But no matter how compelling your headline,

your body copy, your bullets, your subheads, your closing, you will always

find some customers still need a little push, a little last minute nudge,

to convince them your product or service is exactly what they need. And

just how do you accomplish that?

I'm glad you asked.

It's called a "P.S." A "postscript" an "afterthought."

Sometimes, I'll tug one more time at my reader's greed glands by throwing

in a bonus in the P.S. Other times I'll remind them of my refund policy.

And a good P.S. is to let them know there is a deadline for them to act.

And speaking of "greed glands", I know by now you're all worked up and

want to see a few samples of my own P.S.'s. Being the "guru of giving",

here you go:

P.S.   Would you like to have a free

100-year-old silver dollar? If so, just read the enclosed "HOT

FLASH" pink sheet and you'll see an extra "bonus reason" why you

should give this letter your immediate attention!

P.S.   Of course, we always stand

behind Gary's refund policy. If for any reason at all (or as he

says, "for no reason at all") you decide to cancel your

renewal subscription, you'll receive a full pro-rata refund for the

issues not mailed to you.

P.S.   It would be appreciated if you

would call even if you are going to pay by check. I need to know the

response to this offer as soon as possible in order to make sure it

doesn't get out of hand.

I

guarantee, you will not find a better "swipe file" of such world-class

marketing anywhere else on the entire planet. Some will be in letter

format, others in newspaper format, and for those of you hot on the 'net,

in website format. It's a HUGE 3-ring binder and something this huge and

this awesome cannot be delivered to you via the Internet.

What you've got to remember is... no matter what format I used originally,

you can take those same concepts, tactics, layout, techniques... and twist

and tweak them for your own marketing pitches. Consider them your

"roadmap" to riches!

For some, my "Motherload Collection Of Marketing Masterpieces!" will be a

"basic training camp". These ads can get you out of the trenches and onto

the playing field!

For others, my "Motherload Collection Of Marketing Masterpieces!" can get

you out of the poor house and into mansions (like the ones Robin Leach

featured on "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous")!

And finally, for those who have Internet know-how... but... have been

missing the boat for true independence and financial freedom, my "Motherload

Collection Of Marketing Masterpieces!" can get you from being tied to your

computer waiting for your ship to come in... to... sailing the 7-seas

yourself any day of the week!

I'm not some college professor with a bunch of "theories" about how to

write copy. I'm not an ad agency trying to get you to spend a fortune so I

can get fat on a 15% commission. What I am is a

down-in-the-dirt, shirt-sleeve-rolled-up marketing master who knows what

it means to have to make his advertising work. I have to know my

stuff because I've got a Costa Rican fiancée to keep happy, my suite in

Miami to keep up, #1 Assistant Theresa to pay, and on and on and on!

Here's How To Order!

All you have to do is write your name and address and the words "Motherload"

on a piece of paper and mail it to us with your check or money order

(sorry, no credit cards for this hot deal). Your check needs to be made

payable to "Cherrywood Publishing" in the amount of $297.00. I'm even

going to "eat" the cost of shipping this box to you! You can send your

order by FedEx, UPS or even "snail mail" to:

Cherrywood Publishing

3101 S.W. 34th Ave. #905-467

Ocala, FL  34474

That's all there is to it.

As soon as I receive your order, I will send the 3-ring binder to you

immediately by Priority, First-Class Mail.

There's nothing more I can

say about this collection of masterpieces... except...

They

Are Priceless!

OK,

remember Theresa wrote all that copy and assembled all the examples. NOT me. I

SWEAR. I did none of it. It's pretty darn compelling, isn't it?

Anyway,

she asked me what we should charge for "The Motherload". I think this is a

priceless collection but, we're going to let it go for $297.00.

And

guess what? I've decided what I'm going to charge for my seminar I'm going to

hold in May, "How To WRITE A Website Pitch That Will Make You Rich!" It's

$2,700.00.

And

guess what else? If you buy "The Motherload" right now, I'll take $1,000.00 off

the price of my seminar if you decide you want to attend.

The

deal is simple. You spend only $297.00 for a priceless "swipe file"...

plus... you get a $1,000 discount off the price of my seminar if you decide to

attend. (NOTE: "The Motherload" all by itself should vastly improve your ability

to write sales copy... even if you don't come to my seminar. But, if you do

attend my seminar, you'll get information and energy that can't be transmitted

in print which will put your ability to write world-class advertising copy...

literally on steroids!)

Once

again, it's easy to order. All you have to do is write your name and address on

a piece of paper with the words "Gary's Motherload Collection" and send it

immediately with your check (sorry, no credit cards accepted for this hot

tamale) in the amount of $297.00 made payable to "Cherrywood Publishing" to:

Cherrywood Publishing

3101 S.W. 34th Ave. #905-467

Ocala, FL  34474

That's

all there is to it. As soon as Theresa gets your check, she'll send you "The

Motherload"... and... in the meantime, I'll be working as fast as I can to get

the details of my upcoming seminar sent to you.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"The Best Website Copywriter

In The World?"

P.S. I think I am the best website

copywriter in the world. Again, if I'm not, don't tell me. It's a

vacant title and, I'm claiming it!

P.P.S. If you want to check out John

Reese AKA The 500 pound gorilla's site it is at

www.marketingsecrets.com

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.