SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/paradigms.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:24
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Thursday, 3:42 p.m.

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

This letter is following close on the heels

of my last newsletter.

That's because I want to write you while the

concept of "Engineered Paradigm Changes" is fresh in your mind.

Once again, a "paradigm change" is an entire

shift in the way you think about something. A simple example would be you being

irritated with someone because he is not paying attention to some important

instructions you are giving him. He seems indifferent to what you are saying

and, in fact, even though he is just a few feet from you, it's like he doesn't

even hear you.

So, you move closer to him, invade his space

and start to give him hell. Then, about 30-seconds into your rant, you notice

he's holding a cell phone in his hand and staring at it with eyes as empty as a

vacant lot.

"What's with you?" you ask loudly and

belligerently.

His eyes snap back into focus and he replies,

"Oh boss, I'm sorry. I just got a call from my Dad and he told me my Mother

was just killed in a car crash. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I guess I've been

sort of out of it for the last few minutes."

Your attitude immediately

changes. Your anger instantly evaporates. Your "posture" is now replaced

with tenderness. You express concern and compassion and ask if there's

anything... anything whatsoever... you can do to help.

What you just experienced is a "paradigm

change". What the rest of this letter is about is "engineered" paradigm

changes. "Engineered" paradigm changes which can add huge amounts of bottom-line

profits to your marketing efforts.

Let's start with something simple like the

"Law of Reciprocity". The way it works is, if someone does something nice for

you, you feel obligated to do something nice in return for them.

I'm sure you've received numerous mailings

from charity organizations which included, as a free gift for you, a packet of

personalized address labels. Those little ones with your name and address

already printed on them. You know, the return address labels you put on the

upper left corner of an envelope when you are mailing a letter to someone.

Those labels don't legally obligate you in

any way whatsoever to make a donation to the charity that sent them to you.

However, those little labels do emotionally obligate you. And, you know

what?

Including Those "Free"

Labels

In Their Direct Mail

Promotions

EXPONENTIALLY Increases

Their Results!

If the letter was written deftly, it produced

a rather small (but profitable) "engineered" paradigm change in your feelings

toward the charity that sent you those "free" labels.

Now, let's move to a "killer" example of an

"engineered" paradigm change.

Let's say a guy has a business washing,

waxing and detailing high-end automobiles and SUV's. You found him in the phone

book and, since he wasn't too far away, you took your vehicle to his company to

have it all spiffed up. The company does a good job, your vehicle looks great,

you pay them, take your spiffed-up vehicle and, go off on your merry way.

And, that's it.

Except... it isn't.

Because... a few days later, you get a letter

from the guy with the car-spiffing business. He tells you that the other day,

the day you brought your car in to be detailed, one of his workers found $2.89

when he was cleaning the inside of your car. And the letter goes on to say that

worker turned the money over to him (the owner of the business). And, since the

owner didn't get to see you before you left with your vehicle, he felt it

necessary to return the money to you in with his letter. Also, he was sending

you three $1 bills instead of the exact $2.89... because... he didn't want to

send a bunch of coins in the mail. The owner closes his letter by thanking you

for your business and says he hopes he has the chance to serve you again.

Gotcha!

What a nice thing for him to do! What an

honest man! I bet if you got another letter or a call from him about three weeks

later suggesting it might be time to get your car detailed again... I bet if

your car did need spiffing up again... you'd be inclined to take your car right

back to that same place. I bet you'd feel...

About Ten Times More

Inclined Than If You

Had

NOT Received That

Letter

Returning Your Money!

Which, by the way, really was NOT your money.

It was simply a small "investment" on the part of the owner of the car cleaning

business.

Remember when those pain-in-the-ass Hare

Krishnas used to infest all the big airports in the U.S.? And how they would

always hand you a flower as a "gift of peace" before hitting you up for a

donation? Very likely, what you did was, you gave them a couple bucks and, then

tossed the flower in the nearest trash receptacle.

Periodically, the Hare Krishnas would go

around to all the trash receptacles and retrieve the flowers everybody was

throwing away. Why? So they could pass them out again to other people.

Guess why they kept passing out those

flowers? The answer is easy...

It Increased Their

Donations

EXPONENTIALLY!

Let's explore something a little less

unsavory. My website is one of the most popular on the Internet. It is also, I

believe, one of the most profitable. It is, as a I reflect upon it, an example

of a somewhat unconscious engineered paradigm change. Here is the

honest-to-God real story of how my newsletters came to be posted on the

Internet for everyone to read 100% free.

As you may or may not know, I've been writing

my newsletters since September of 1986. (Oh Lord, it just struck me! Do you

realize I now have thousands of readers who weren't even BORN when I

started writing it?) Damn, it sucks the way that makes me feel.

To hell with it. Back to work: I was selling

my newsletter for $195.00 per year... and... I charged almost $3,000 for a

Lifetime subscription... and... more than half my subscribers were

Lifetime subscribers. So, why would I give up all that subscriber income and

make my letters available for free on the 'net?

Well, I stopped counting more than ten years

ago but, by that time, I had received more than 3,000 letters from people

telling me how reading my newsletters had turned their lives around. Mostly, the

turn around was financial. But, not all. A lot of those letters were about how I

had helped someone on a personal level. About how reading one or more of

my letters prevented a divorce, a suicide, a long-term depression, etc.

Some of the letters were hard for me to read.

Some of the phone calls I got made me feel uncomfortable and unreal. I'm going

to tell you about just one of them and, I swear, it's uncomfortable for me to

write. But, it will "set-you-up" perfectly for the point I want to make.

I was talking with a guy on the phone one day

and he tells me my monthly newsletter... is what he lives for! He said a

year ago, he had a lot of money, good health, a great wife and, a great life.

But, he said now he had lost it all. The wife and the money were gone... plus...

for some reason (I don't remember why)...

Both His Legs

Had Been Amputated!

He said he thought often about suicide...

but... it was my newsletter that kept him going.

Please believe me, I am NOT saying this to

brag. It embarrasses me. I guarantee you... if... you've put me up on a

pedestal... I am NOT who you think I am!

Thus, as it says on the opening page of my

website:

"Well, hell... if what

I write helps people this much, it should be available to everyone... even if...

they can't afford to subscribe to my newsletter.

Therefore, I've put all my newsletters (with very sparse editing) right here on

this website... for... everyone in the world... to read...

"Absolutely Free!"

And so, I started putting my newsletters up,

one right after the other. The website took off like wildfire. Remember how I

wrote a page or two ago I had received (until I stopped counting) at least

3,0000 rave letters? Well, now that my newsletter is read in something like 90

countries, I receive so many of those type letters (usually via e-mail)...

that... if I printed them all out, I could wallpaper the Empire State Building

with them.

But, I also get a lot of other letters.

Skeptical letters. Why was I really giving away my newsletters for free?

What was I really up to? Why was I really giving all this valuable

info away?

And then, I got other letters saying stuff

like, "Don't you have anything to sell?" "Don't you have anything I can buy?"

"Do you offer seminar tapes?" "What about tape transcripts? Services?

Consulting? Anything?"

I came to learn that nothing creates more

skepticism than an honest man. This is so true that, sometimes during a business

deal, I pretend to be working an angle when I'm really not. In other

words, I actually lie about being honest and straightforward. It makes me more

understandable to people. More believable when I say something like, "Listen,

I don't want this to get out... but... I could get a cut on every ashtray that's

sold!"

Ah, now he understands!

See, my website creates a paradigm change in

people. They first read it with skepticism. Then, when they find out they really

are getting great info 100% free, they start reading it with gratitude. Then,

when I do offer something for sale like a seminar, or my "Motherload

Collection", or "The Boron Letters", or what have you, my sales pitch is NOT met

with resistance or skepticism.

I didn't plan it this way. That's just how it

evolved. But, here's the thing:

If I Knew How It

Was Going To Play Out,

I Would Have Done It

That Way...

Deliberately!

And therein lies a profit-making opportunity

for many of you. Are you an expert at something? Do you have some special

knowledge which would be of value to others?

Why don't YOU publish a website? A FREE

website? Why don't you give people a lot of free info and ask for nothing in

return? Don't hold back either. Give them the real secrets. Then, after a

rather long period, hold a seminar, sell a book, or offer consulting, etc. In

other words... why don't you DELIBERATELY do what I sorta stumbled into doing

mindlessly?

One of the biggest (and most valuable)

paradigm changes you can engineer is when you get a skeptical person (like a

person who thinks you are a con man)... instead discovers... you are for real

and honest.

This newsletter is making me look like too

good of a guy. So, I've decided to end with something sleazy. Let's go full

circle back to where I was writing about my psycho cat.

Suppose you're dating a young lady and you

desperately want to seduce her. She's a vegetarian, a "tree hugger" and an

animal lover. Your relationship is going okay with her but, she hasn't exactly

"melted" yet. (By the way, men stiffen, women melt.) So anyway, you've

wisely never discussed your feelings about animals with her. But one day you

find yourself driving with her to a movie or dinner or something. You take a

short cut and you find yourself driving down a deserted street. You see a

straggly-looking cat. In fact, you see five of them.

You slow down the car to a stop and ask the

woman to excuse you for a just a few quick minutes. You get out of the car, open

the trunk and take out a half-empty (NEVER full) bag of cat food, a half-empty

jug of water,  and some paper bowls you bought at WalMart for $1.97. You then

walk around to the front of the car  where the cats are gathered. They back away

from you. But, no matter. You fill some bowls with cat food and a few other

bowls with water. You put the stuff back into the trunk and get back into the

car. You ask your date if you can wait a minute or two before you leave.

Naturally, she's going to ask why (she is a

female, after all) you did what you just did.

"Ah, I don't know," you reply. "I

guess I've just got a soft spot for animals. Look how they're wolfing down that

food. I bet those poor guys haven't eaten for days. I just like to help them

whenever I can. The way I look at it, those are animals with souls the

world has abandoned. Oh well, enough of that. We can go to the movies now."

And you drive off... and... THIS IS

IMPORTANT: You change the subject. You talk about the movie you're going to see

or the restaurant where you are going to eat or something like that.

But, she won't be listening to what you are

saying. You know why? Because she will be sitting there melting...

thinking what a great guy... what a WONDERFUL guy... you are. So kind to

animals. So thoughtful (you even carry food for stray cats in your trunk.) She

won't know it consciously... but... if she ever had even the remotest thought of

ever sleeping with you...

She Will Now Be 10 Or

20 Times

MORE Likely To Sleep

With You!

All because you spent a little chump change

to buy a bag or two of cat food! Damn! That's such a deliciously sleazy trick

you can use to get laid...

It Makes My Heart Sing!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.#1        Remember

how this newsletter is about "engineered" paradigm change? As you read the

"poor-stray-cats" story, you got the point you "engineered" that setting,

didn't you? You already knew those cats would be in that deserted street...

because... you had previously scouted out that area. Get it in your heads,

"Engineered" Paradigm Change! "Engineered" Paradigm Change! "Engineered"

Paradigm Change! It's so easy to make happen.

P.S.#2        In keeping

with the spirit of this letter, I've got something you need to buy. Don't worry.

It doesn't cost much... and... after you read about it, you are definitely going

to want it. Just click on the link below to read all about it...

SleazyPitch

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.