SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/newsletters/seminar.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:38
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

You better watch out... because... I'm going to try to sell you

something with this letter.

What I'm going to try to sell you on is "knowing" something.

Knowing it deep down in your heart and guts so you'll never forget it. Knowing

it in the wiring of your mental and muscle memories. Knowing it in the core of

your being. What I want you to know... what I want to POUND and POUND and POUND

into you is this...

You Cannot

Multiply Zeros!

And the "zero" I'm talking about in this case is a vapid, limp,

non-compelling sales message. I don't care if it's a direct mail letter, a

website, a newspaper ad, magazine ad, radio or TV commercial or whatever. If

it's a "nothing" message, I don't care how good your ad layout is, how well the

ad is typeset. If it's a radio commercial, I care NOT how good the sound effects

are or how vibrant, pleasant and commanding the announcer's voice is. If it's a

website, I don't care how many website/internet secret tricks and techniques you

know.

Take any non-compelling message and show it to someone. That

person will not respond. Show it to 10,000 people and none (or pathetically few)

of them will respond.

Until recently, the internet made it possible for something to

happen which was never possible before in history: The internet made it possible

for people who knew NOTHING about marketing to make some money. I'm sitting

maybe 12-feet from one of those people right now as I write this. He's a good

guy. Smart as hell. More intelligent than me. A stone cold workaholic.

Here's what he used to do: He used to send out (actually he had

it done for him) about 30,000,000 e-mails per day. From this, he got about 2,500

responses... from which... he made a good deal of money. Hark unto me. LISTEN to

what I'm saying here! (Can you listen to what someone is writing?)

I digress. Allow me to mush on. What I'm trying to tell you is,

he was getting 2,500 sales from 30 freaking MILLION impressions. And that...

Is NOT

Marketing!

That is like holding 30 MILLION pieces of bacon 3-feet above the

water over 10,000 square miles of ocean. Once in a teensy, little while, his

strip of bacon was held over a square yard of ocean... where... directly

underneath was a dozen or so starving, ravenously hungry fish. These fish were

SO hungry, they would climb on each other's backs (like circus performers) until

one of them had his head 1/2 inch above the water... and... with a collective

shuddering and buckling by all his "buddy" fish... and... and a herculean effort

on his part, he was able to catapult himself 3-feet above the surface of the

ocean and snarf down that piece of bacon.

How often did this happen? Do the math. It happened about 25

times (or less) for every one MILLION pieces of dangling bacon. That means, he

snagged about one fish for every 40,000 pieces of bacon he dangled. That's a big

fat .00025% response.

Why was it possible to make money with a pathetic response like

this? Well, my friend wasn't doing the emailing. He had that outsourced. And the

people he outsourced it to had to pay about $8,000 per month in "infrastructure"

costs. That $8,000 allowed them to send 30 MILLION emails per day. Which works

out to like being able to send out 120,000 messages for a dollar. Or 1,200,000

messages for $10. Or 10 MILLION messages for $120.

You don't have to have a very good sales message to make a buck

with those kinds of numbers, do you?

And yet, most internet "marketers" can't even make money with

that kind of math. And, those days are gone forever. Unless, you want to move to

Asia, China or some hideous place similar and live so far "on the edge" that...

one day... inevitably, several alphabet agencies (with International

jurisdiction) will come grab you up and put you in a place where you really,

really don't want to be... for... a long, long time.

Internet "marketers" with stratospheric I.Q.s would burst their

brains trying to improve the profitability of this pathetic math. They invented

pop-up ads, exit pop-ups, affiliate marketing, websites you couldn't escape

without turning off your computer, "disguised" spam, and every other trick their

greedy hearts could think of.

They wasted all this brain power and energy on all this stuff...

which... it if worked... only made a hair's worth of difference in the results.

They spent practically no time on the one thing which could have made a 10,000%

PLUS difference. The one thing I'm talking about is...

Learning How To

Write A

"Killer" Sales

Pitch!

I don't give a damn what form of marketing you're in. I don't

care how many tricks you know. I don't care how cheap you can buy your media. I

don't care if the emails or newspaper ads or stamps and printing are FREE! Even

if all this is FREE... if you can't write a "killer" sales message, it is all

for naught.

And, there's nobody in the world who can write an absolute

"killer" sales message like me.

And more importantly, there's no one on earth who can...

teach other people... how to write a sales message like I can teach them.

Take David Allard for example. David ("Memphis Slim") Allard

paid $27,000 to come down and spend a month with me. He came with a full stomach

and, a completely empty head. Teaching him to write copy was like trying to win

an arm wrestling contest against Godzilla. He fought me every step of the way.

"Why the hell do I have to do this?" "What's reading all this crap got to do

with anything?" "Why are you ignoring me?" (I wasn't.) etc., etc., etc.

But you know what? I TAUGHT that red-neck, inbred, tobacca

chewin' (actually, I don't know if he really chews tobacco... but... it sounds

good, doesn't it?) Elvis-lovin', good ol' Memphis country boy how to do it...

and... right now I rank him right up there with the best-of-the best. (Hell, I'm

not sure... but... I think I even gave him a tiny sense of humor.)

David just recently finished his training with me and, faster

than a speeding bullet, he's already got about a dozen paying clients and many

more in the pipeline. And I'll tell you what, Buckwheat...

If I Can Teach

"Memphis Slim" To

Write

World-Class Copy... Then...

I Can Surely

Teach You!

I've got other people who've sent me non-refundable deposit

checks to spend a month at my side. I will honor those requests but, I will

accept no more. I can't. It takes too much out of me. But, what I can do (in a

seminar setting) is speed-up your copywriting skills by years and years. If

you're going to learn to produce good copy... you're going to have to pay.

That doesn't mean you have to pay me. But, you're going to have

to pay in the "school-of-hard-knocks" (the most expensive school of all) or

you're going to have to pay some other teacher (I guarantee he'll be inferior to

me) or you're going to have to pay in YEARS of study... or... you can spend

2-1/2 days with me starting May 14, 15 and 16... and...

Get Yourself

Off And

Running... RIGHT

NOW!

And, what a great skill it is to know! Personally, I think it's

the most valuable business skill there is to have. If you learn copywriting, you

can make a fortune for yourself selling your own products. Or, you can be a

"pure" copywriter, a "hired-gun" and work for clients from anywhere in the

world. If you have to, you can reduce your overhead to a legal pad and a stub of

a wooden pencil.

You can live where you choose, answer to no one, make as much

money as your ambition allows, choose your own hours, work naked or in a tuxedo.

You never have to commute. Work from home. Work outdoors by your pool. Work at

the beach. You could be faced with all these choices because...

Good

Copywriters Are Almost

Impossible To

Find!

I know one guy in Florida who spends over $1,000,000 per year in

copywriters. (He'd spend more if he could find someone to spend it on.)

Hundreds of direct marketing companies with monster budgets are

desperate to find good copywriters.

Thousands of smaller companies are also desperate to find good

copywriters.

Do you know how many people contact me every day hoping I

will write copy for them? You wouldn't believe it. I turn almost everybody down.

And guess what else?

I Have Almost

Nobody

To Recommend To

These People!

I taught braindead "Memphis Slim" to write brilliant copy. He's

so good, I've decided to use some of his sales pitches as part of my "Motherload

Collection". (Which, if you haven't ordered yet, you ain't really serious about

learning how to write copy.)

My seminar to teach you to write copy is going to last 2-1/2

days. It's going to be different than my other seminars. Most of my seminars are

"fun". This one won't be. I'm going to teach you until you are exhausted. I'm

going to work you until you beg for mercy.

But, I'll tell you this: You are going to leave that seminar

with something which is 10 times better than a doctor's or a lawyer's degree.

And MUCH more valuable. You're going to leave with...

Knowledge

Between Your Ears

Which Can Set

You Up...

For Life!

John Reese's seminar has inspired me. He left everyone enhanced

and massively enriched. He did something else I admired. He did NOT let

everybody attend. There are some people who, if they are in the room... dull

the charisma of the seminar.

I don't want those people. And, I don't want a lot of people. I

don't know how many people will be reading this message. But, according to my

Alexa rating and the number of people on my announcement list, it's a lot.

Really a lot. A ton of those people are going to want to be at that seminar. But

the hotel I've booked it at will hold only 47 attendees.

So, if you want to be one of them, please act fast. This seminar

is being sponsored by GPP Investments. It costs $2,700 to attend. BUT, you get

that $1,000 discount if you have already purchased my "Motherload Collection" of

world-class marketing examples.

If you purchased my "Motherload Collection", all you have to

send is $1,700.00. Make your check or money order (sorry, no credit cards)

payable to: "GPP Investments" and send it to:

GPP Investments

640 South Miami Ave., Suite 1

Miami, FL  33130

If you are insane or something and you haven't purchased my "Motherload

Collection", then you'll have to make your check or money order in the full

amount of $2,700.00 and send it to GPP Investments.

The seminar is going to be held in

Miami at the Marriott Miami Airport on LeJeune Road. It's about a

5-minute cab ride from the airport. And it's extremely urgent you sign up right

now since you have to book your room by April 26 to get the special

bargain rate Theresa worked out with them. It's usually $139 per night... but...

she twisted their arms until they gave it to her at the rock bottom price of

only $89 per night. You can either call their 800-toll-free number (800)

228-9290 or their direct phone number (305) 671-2602 to make your

reservation.  The Hotel will have a special code for us that will be posted

tomorrow for the "Gary Halbert Seminar"

The name of my seminar is...

How To Write A

Website Pitch

That

Will Make You

Rich!

It is going to be especially geared to people who have or want

to have a website.

But make no mistake. Most of this info will be priceless for

any kind of marketing you do. Direct mail. Newspapers. Magazines. Radio. TV.

Whatever.

If you're a beginner, a seasoned pro or anything in-between, you

need to be at this seminar. That's because you will get so much there that

cannot be transmitted through written, audio or video material. You're almost

certain to meet people who will be valuable financial contacts for life.

To hell with more of a sales pitch. If you can't get it from

what I've already written, I need to be shot. And you, you need to be

tortured and then shot.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S. Once again, to attend my

seminar, send your check for either $2,700 or $1,700 (depending on if you've

already purchased my "Motherload Collection") to: GPP Investments, 640 S.

Miami Ave., Suite 1, Miami, Florida  33130.

If you still haven't purchased my "Motherload

Collection", you can do that by sending your check in the amount of $297.00 made

payable to "Cherrywood Publishing" at: 3101 S.W. 34th Ave. #905-467, Ocala,

Florida 34474.

P.S.#2  I secretly taped John Reese's seminar and he has given me

permission to give away those tapes... free... to anyone who attends my

seminar.

Sorry, that was a lie. I just wanted to see if I could

give John a minor heart attack or stroke. That shit weasel owes me a bone marrow

transplant and he refuses to make good on his promise.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.