SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zdkj_protecting_customer_list.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:45
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

WAY West of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Hark unto me. As promised, this month I'm

going to teach you how to steal!

There's lots of theft going on in direct

marketing, isn't there? Here is how (sort of) some of it got

started. Once upon a time, there lived a man in Direct

Marketing Land whose name was Cletus Fleetfeet. Clete was a

bright boy. He had written a book on how to beat the horses

and, after being rejected by several publishers, he decided to

market the book himself by direct mail. He wrote a compelling

sales letter and he put together a very effective,

high-pulling DM package. He was able to mail this package with

outstanding results to several lists.

Then, he had a stroke of real

luck! He found a list of people who had already bought several

other books on horseracing and were eager to buy more. This

list was owned by a man named Ned Notsoswift and, although it

took a lot of wining and dining, Clete finally convinced Ned

to let him rent his list.

And so he did. With unreal

results. He was selling his horseracing book for $59.95 plus

$3.00 for postage and handling (total $62.95) and, when he

mailed Ned's list, he got a 14% cash-with-order response!

He was in heaven. He decided to keep mailing

Ned's list over and over with other offers on how to win at

gambling. Pretty soon he had six different offers and he was

developing new ones at the rate of one or two per month.

Clete was mailing like crazy. And making money

hand over fist. And driving a big Caddy with a sunroof and

mudflaps. And learning to eat caviar (which he hated) and to

drink Dom Perignon (which he loved) and how to impress dumb

little girls with small minds and big chests.

However, in spite of all this, Clete was in

pain. Real pain. Big pain.

What was the source of his pain, you ask? It's

quite simple: The source of Clete's pain was that $200.00 per

thousand list rental he had to pay Ned Notsoswift every time

he rented Ned's list. Clete hated that. It didn't matter to

Clete that he was making a fortune mailing to Ned's list. No.

What mattered to Clete was that he was now having to pay Ned

upwards of $30,000 per month in rental fees.

And who the hell was Ned to deserve that kind

of money? Hell, all Ned had to do, every time Clete wanted to

use the list, was make a phone call and tell his letter shop

to run off more labels. Thirty thousand a month for making a

few phone calls? Unfair! Unjust! Outrageous!

And so, Clete decided to steal Ned's list.

And so he did. And he mailed it over and over

and made lots of money. And poor old Ned, even though he was

very suspicious, could never prove a thing so he took to

drinking and shooting up with chicken fat until his arteries

got all clogged and he died of a heart attack.

So much for Ned.

Clete, however, kept rolling right along. He

continued to mail Ned's list and found several others that

worked nearly as well. He would've also stolen these lists

except, by this time, Clete had developed a rep. Nobody really

trusted him. Therefore, when Clete came to these more savvy

list owners, they said:

"Clete,

we want to rent our lists to you because, like you, we

are greedy for money. However, since we are somewhat

paranoid, we have invented a procedure that

hereinafter shall be known as salting the list."

And, of course, they went on to explain to

Clete how that worked. How they would "salt" their

lists with "dummy" names and how, if those names

received more than one solicitation from Clete, they would

know he had stolen the list.

Clete was chagrined. By this time, he was

making a fortune but other people around him like printers,

letter shops (and especially list owners) were making a little

too and Clete didn't like that. Not one bit! So Clete started thinking and scheming, and

eventually he figured out a new way to steal large portions of

valuable mailing lists, even though those lists were liberally

salted with decoy or "dummy" names. Here's how he

did it. First, he contacted a computer expert and he told the

guy that he wanted him to invent the "merge/purge".

"What's

a merge/purge?" asked the expert.

"That's

what you're going to invent," said Clete.

"You see, many mailing lists that are made up of

buyers of similar products have a lot of overlap. In

other words, many of the names are on more than one

list. So what I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna tell all the

owners of the gambling lists that I rent that it's

unfair for me to pay six times for a name that appears

on six different lists and identical promotions. And

therefore I'm gonna tell them they should let me merge

all the files and then purge

out the dupes so I don't have to mail a name more than

once. I'm also gonna tell those owners I should pay

them a reduced rental rate and pay them on what I'm

gonna call a ‘net name’ basis."

"Sounds

good to me," said the expert.

Well, after a while, it sounded good to the

owners also and they agreed to Clete's scheme.

Which, in fact, really

was a good idea if

used for legitimate purposes.

But, of course, we all know that sweet Ol'

Clete had a bit of difficulty staying on the straight and

narrow and, as I'm sure you've already figured out, an

"invisible" benefit of the merge/purge process had

already occurred to Clete. That benefit, of

course, was that the process would enable him to steal

a lot of names, in fact, the very best names, with no worries

about getting caught.

You see, as Clete realized, a merge/purge

kicks out only multi-buyers; those hot customers who have

bought more than one gambling system, or diet book, or

whatever. And, of course, a name that appears on more than one

list cannot be a "decoy" name, can it?

It worked like this: Clete would get in a

dozen or so mag tapes of lists he was going to use. He'd put

them through a merge/purge process and kick out all the dupes.

Then, he'd pay a reduced "net-name" rental to all

the list owners plus he'd save a lot on mailing costs since he

would only be mailing one solicitation to each multi-buyer.

But the big benefit, the one that made Clete

really happy, was when he made a separate tape that contained

all the dupes (which were the multi-buyers) which he then

considered his own private property that he could mail to

whenever he wanted, without paying any sort of rental fee.

Pretty neat, huh?

But wait. Clete wasn't finished yet. No sir.

Not by a long shot. You see, after Clete mailed all his

promotions to his hot new list, he decided to make even more

money by renting that list

to other mailers. That's right, what he did was, he made up a

phony list card describing how the people on the list had

responded to a certain non-existent offer, and he sent that

card around to all the list brokers in the U.S. Now, some of

these brokers were a bit suspicious since they'd never heard

of the offer that was supposed to have built the list.

However, no big deal. You see, that list really

was hot. After all, it contained only

multi-buyers and, therefore, it worked like crazy for a lot of

mailers.

Clete's larcenous little heart just loved this

kind of action. I mean, just imagine. In some cases he was

renting names back to the same people from whom he'd stolen

them!

But there was more to come. Clete decided to

become the very best list thief in history. He purchased a

controlling interest in the service bureau that was doing all

his computer work and then, using a couple of his friends as a

front, he set himself up in the list management and list

brokerage business.

Here's how Clete works today: Every time any

kind of list tape passes through his service bureau for any

reason whatsoever, that mag tape gets duped. All those duped

tapes are then run off against each other on a structured,

orderly basis and then, whenever there is a match, in other

words, when a certain name and address appears on more than

one list, that name becomes Clete's property.

And what does Ol' Clete do with these names?

It's very simple. Whenever he has a proprietary promotion that

will work to these names, he mails it. And, when he doesn't,

he'll create a mag tape out of some of them, create a phony

list card to describe the names and then he rents them to the

industry.

And wow, did Clete ever get sophisticated at

this kind of stuff!

Check this out: In Washington D.C. there is a

government agency called the Federal Election Commission. It

is the job of this agency (FEC) to keep politicians honest (hyuk,

hyuk) and elections clean; to minimize the control exerted by

lobbyists, fat cats, and political action committees. It is

mandated by federal law that all elected federal officials

must give the FEC the name and the address of everyone who has

contributed money to help them get elected. The amount donated

must also be negotiated.

This list is a matter of public record.

Everybody has access to it. However, it is illegal to use this

list for fund raising or any kind of solicitation to get money

to help some politician elected. This list is heavily seeded.

But oh so

valuable.

So what is a guy like Clete to do? A guy who

realizes the enormous potential of such a file and who is well

connected to certain shrewd political hopefuls who know full

well the power of direct marketing and the value of such a

sweet list. How about this? How about running this file

against a really huge file

of compiled names like those maintained by Donnelly, Polk, or

Metromedia, and looking for telematches?

And then, whenever you get a "hit"

(match) you can mail that name with impunity, because, if push

comes to shove, you can always say you got that name from the

phone book.

Hmn? Has Ol' Clete got any other tricks up his

sleeve? You bet! How about "tagging"? Let's say I've

got a big list of 10 million names and let's say you rent me

your list of 100,000 names which is made up of buyers of porno

tapes. What I do, in addition to making that mailing you said

I could, is also pass your little file against my big file and

every time there is a match, (a "hit"), I tag the

name on my file with that little bit of extra info that

"tags" my guy as a lover of porno.

Does Clete know any other tricks? What? Are

you kidding? Clete has a bushel of them and he comes up with

new ones almost daily! I've hardly scratched the surface and I

don't pretend to know them all. In fact, to tell the truth, I

bet I don't know even 10% of Clete's tricks!

And he seems to be in the process of living

happily ever after.

Who is Clete? Actually, he's a composite.

There are any number (more than you would ever guess) of

Cletes throughout our industry. Truly. There really

are many service bureaus that automatically

dupe and retain a copy of every

file they receive. Do you know what that means? Do you fully

understand the ramifications of what I've been trying to tell

you here?

Listen. If you are actively engaged in direct

marketing, your customer list is by

far the most valuable asset your company will ever have.

You know, I realized I could have told "Clete's

story" in fewer words. However, I decided it was worth

the risk of being criticized for being garrulous in order to

drive home my point which is...

Mailing Lists Are Routinely

Being Stolen Everyday!

Don't let it happen to you. Your customer list

is the life blood of your company. Here are the ABC's of how

to protect it:

#A.

"Salt"

your lists with a lot

of decoy names. I know. I know. This advice is old

hat. But the key words here are "a lot".

Believe it or not, under today's conditions, if you

have a customer list of 100,000 names, your list

should contain no

fewer than fifty

decoy names. That's right. One out of every 2,000

names you send out for rental should be a decoy. Not

only that, you should be systematically adding new

decoy names at least

once every month.

Here's an easy way to do this. Let's say your

middle name is Clifford. O.K. then what you do is you ask

permission of your friends and associates to use their last

names and their addresses as part of your decoy system. Let's

say you have a friend named Baker. Well, what you do is you

make an arrangement with him to give you every piece of mail

that arrives at his home or place of business that is

addressed to "Clifford Baker". Do this with lots of

people (as long as their first name isn't Clifford) and then

have your service bureau make all those Cliffords (Clifford

Baker, Clifford Halbert, Clifford Adams, etc.) part or your

customer file.

And then, watch all that mail that goes to all

those Cliffords "like a hawk."

By the way, you may also want to contact the

U.S. Monitor Service (914-634-1331) and ask them about their

mail decoy service. In addition, it may be worthwhile to check

your phone book under "mailing receiving services"

for the names of companies that rent private mail boxes.

#B.

The

next thing you should do, after you've liberally

salted your own customer file, is you should salt the

files of all of your competitors.

It's easy. You do this by using a decoy name and

becoming one of their customers. Now obviously, you

can't always know when you get a mailing from one of

your competitor's competitors if the second guy did or

did not in fact rent the list. However, if your decoy

name starts getting battered by mailings from one particular company, you might want to

phone whomever owns the list you have decoyed and tell

him you are getting a lot of mail from "Clete's

Handicapping Service" and see if he has been

renting his list all that much to Clete.

By the way, if you are actively engaged in

direct marketing, you should make some sort of mail order

purchase every month from every

one of your competitors PLUS you

should be one of the customers on every file you rent with any

regularity whatsoever. You know, it never ceases to amaze me

how few people do this. It's the cheapest market research you

can buy. Just think: For a couple of hundred dollars a month,

even a huge multi-million dollar company can

know just about everything their competitors are doing!

#C.

Become

known as a "junkyard dog" when it comes to

protecting your list. Let people know your list is

liberally salted. Let people know you will actively

pursue anybody you even suspect of pilfering your

list. Every time you send out a mag tape, also send a

letter that says in effect "DON'T YOU DARE COPY THIS LIST. DON'T EVEN DREAM OF STEALING THESE

NAMES!" Then tell them who your attorney is

(mine is Sid Vicious) and tell them how he gets paid a

bonus for biting off the kneecaps of list thieves. And

so on.

By the way, get yourself a copy of the list

rental agreement you have to sign if you want to rent the Wall

Street Journal or Barron's subscriber list. Now there's

the way a rental agreement should look.

I'm sure you get the idea.

You know, I'm fearful this issue of my

newsletter was not as interesting as some of the others. This

time, I think some of the points may have been too obvious and

old hat for many of you. I'm sorry if that's the case.

However, if this elementary info helps save even one

subscriber from falling victim to Ol' Clete, then maybe it was

worthwhile.

And anyway,

maybe I'll make it up to you next month by writing about

something complicated.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"The Sunset Scribe"

P.S.

Would

you like to hire me to help you improve your DM

packages? If so you should call me right away,

because, for a very brief period of time, I can now

"be had" by my subscribers on a very

favorable basis. Ask me why.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.