SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zdkl_human_deadwood.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:12
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

I've got a good set-up for writing now.

I've got a little two bedroom place down in

the middle of the Florida Keys in the city of Marathon which

is on a small island called Key Vaca.

I love it here. My neighbors in front are a

Cuban fisherman and his family. On this same property, in a

neat little box-like house, lives another Cuban named A.

Lopez. Lopez loves to paint and he keeps everything around

here fresh and white. He even paints the bases of the palm

tress and surrounds them with a circle of painted white conch

shells. The Cuban fisherman and I share an excellent private

dock and right now I'm sitting at a table under the picnic

shelter in the huge back yard. When I look up from my writing,

I can see the Gulf of Mexico, the Cuban fisherman's crawfish

boat, and Paulette, who is wearing a bikini and sunning

herself on the flybridge of the trusty Original Sea Hunt dive

boat.

Life is good, just now. My Cuban neighbors are

friendly and it pleases me that, other than exchanging

pleasantries ("Hola amigo. Chi chi grande, eh?"), we really can't talk

to each other.

Come to think of it, I bet they like it, too.

My next door neighbor is a woman whose name I

forget and who keeps a big mountain lion named Christa in a

cage in her back yard. This lady goes around with big bruises

and teeth marks on her arms where Christa has playfully

"nipped" her once in a while.

As I look to my left toward the Faro Blanco

Marina and lighthouse, I can see a dozen or so gray pelicans

floating in the water hoping for a handout.

No wonder so many writers love the Keys. (By

the way, no fewer than eight Pulitzer Prize winners have made

their homes in Key West.)

You know, I always enjoy seeing the homes

where successful writers have lived. It seems to me they often

arrange the best living set-ups of all, perhaps because they

can do their work virtually anywhere. I spent a week once in

Ocho Rios, Jamaica in the home of the late Ian Fleming. The

estate was called Goldeneye and it is where Fleming wrote all

of his James Bond novels. The house is situated on a bluff

looking north toward Cuba and, at the bottom of the bluff, is

a great little area for snorkeling. I'm sure that's where

Fleming must have honed his skills as observing and describing

the tropical critters James Bond met in his underseas

adventures.

Thousands of miles away, in another ocean, if

you ever go to Catalina Island, you can stay (I don't

recommend it) in a grungy hotel that was once the home of the

late Zane Grey. And, even though the hotel is rather sorry,

you can still see what a wonderful place it must have been to

live in when it was a private residence and somebody owned it

who cared.

And Hemingway's house at 907 Whitehead Street

in Key West: A great place to live, a great place to write.

Ah, so what? How's any of this going to help you

make a buck? That's always the bottom-line, isn't it?

Well, remember how, in my P.S. in last month's

letter, I said "Don't

miss this one because it's one of the most important I'll ever

write"? I meant that. But you know what?

Unless you are very, very sharp you may (at first blush) find

this letter less useful than the others I write.

Because, unless you're smart enough to know

you're not so smart, you're going to figure you don't need

this basic, rather obvious, cheerleader-type message and

you're going to exhort me to get on with revealing those

specific, down-in-the-dirt tricks and techniques which is what

you like so much about this letter.

You're going to have to wait till next month.

Next month I'm going to reveal step-by-step exactly how

to go about creating a wallet-fattening winner. I'm going to

put it all together and reveal the entire

process. I know that's what you want and that's what I'm

going to give you.

In glorious living color with every explicit

direction you could possibly want unless you are completely

brain dead.

Next month.

But this month, by God, I'm going to give you

what you need!

And, to set the stage, so to speak, let me

tell you about two recent events, namely:

1.

2.

Byron

Booth has died.

I came close to

grievous injury, or perhaps even losing my own life, a

few days ago when I fell from a plane.

Let's talk about Byron first. Byron Booth was

one of the master teachers at the marketing and entrepreneur

bootcamps developed by the Jefferson Institute and he was

48-years old. He lived in Iowa and, to my knowledge, had no

health-threatening vices whatsoever. Last week he had trouble

getting to sleep one night and he lay awake till about 3:00

a.m. In the morning, his wife Sandy left him a note telling

him she'd decided to let him sleep in since he'd had such a

hard time nodding off.

And when she came back to the house in the

early afternoon, he had passed

away!

Just like that.

I'm going to miss that guy. He and I had very

different styles but he had a sense of fun about him and I

always got a lift whenever we'd meet in some distant city to

teach at a bootcamp.

As far as falling from a plane is concerned,

it happened to me at the Key West Airport. Paulette and I had

chartered a sea plane and we flew to the Dry Tortugas and back

because we wanted to do some "reconnaissance"

because we're thinking about going there in the Sea Hunt.

It was a gorgeous flight. Very low over the

water so we could see the reefs and the islands. But, after we

returned and the plane had taxied to a stop, when the pilot

said he would get our gear from the plane, I said

"no" and insisted on doing it myself.

Those sea planes sit high off the ground. On

top of the wheels are pontoons and, on top of the pontoons are

struts. So, there I am clamoring down from the cockpit with

our gear bags when I lose my balance and fall (very hard) to

the blacktop. I smacked my head good and put a hurting on the

area around my tailbone.

But I'm OK and I'm so, so happy to be alive.

And so maybe, if I've got a message I truly

believe to be important to you, I'd better write it now

because I guess you never know, do you? And, how is it that I

know so much about what you need? It's very simple. As

you know, I've been going all over the U.S. teaching people

who want to learn something about how to make monster money in

general, and how to create "killer" advertising in

specific and... they all seem to have the same "blank

spots".

Listen: If you want to be a true success

(whatever that means to you), you've got to lead a

high-wattage, energized life. You need high energy,

enthusiasm, optimism, cheerfulness and... and... and...

You're Probably Being Sucked Dry

By Success-Killing Vampires

From Loser City!

And what is a success killing vampire?

Ah, Igor, I'm glad you asked. A success

killing vampire is someone who, when he or she spots someone

with a little enthusiasm, a mischievous gleam in their eyes...

someone who is daring to make a move... someone with a

scheme... a plan... a dream...

They Immediately Sidle Up

To That Person

And Attempt To Drain Him

Of Every Last Vestige Of Optimism!

"Well,

Bob, let's not be too hasty. We don't want to end up looking

foolish, you know."

"Gee,

Rita, it sounds good on paper but, don't forget, this is not

the place for a woman."

"Gosh,

Randy, I don't think we'll ever get that one past the zoning

board. Let's not even try."

"Hey

guy, that sounds great. But, before we get too excited, let me

play devil's advocate, OK?"

And so on. Listen, you ever hear this one? A

guy finishes a round of golf and walks into the bar at the

"19th hole." He starts drinking doubles, one right

after the other. Finally, the bartender says, "Gee,

you must of had a tough day on the course."

"You're

not kidding," says the drinker. "You

remember Fred, the guy I always play with?"

"Sure,"

says the bartender.

"Well,"

says the drinker, "he

dropped dead of a heart attack right on the first tee."

"Oh

God, that must have been terrible for you," says the

bartender.

"You

don't know the half it," says the drinker. "all

the rest of the day it was...

"Hit The Ball, Drag Fred!"

"Hit The Ball, Drag Fred!"

And so it goes also with all those human ball

and chains so many of us insist on dragging around with us all

through our lives. You know, John ("Crabtrap")

Carlton, who now works with me, says I have a...

Million Dollar Rolodex!

He's right. Not only does my Rolodex contain

the names of the top experts in many, many fields, most of

those people have been screened for cheerfulness. And, if they ain't fun (no

matter how good they are

at their specialty), they...

Get Edited Out Of My Life!

Listen up. Most people have an "extended

family" of about 200 people. Go through your address

book. Your rolodex. Your Christmas card list, etc. Divide all

those names into three piles:

1.

2.

3.

The

names of those people who always give you a

"lift" whenever you see or speak with them.

The names of all people you are rather neutral about

and/or with whom you have little interaction.

The names of all those "Freds" who drag you

down every time you meet or talk to them.

Trust me, you've got to edit all those

folks in category three out of your life if you ever want to

be a success in the fullest sense of the word.

Ah, but there's a problem, isn't there? Some

of those energy sucking vampires are family. Maybe one

of them, if you are honest enough to admit it, is your spouse.

I see it all the time. I'll be teaching at a supercharged

bootcamp somewhere and some guy will be there sponging up all

that info and starting to get excited but... his wife is with

him. And she views her purpose in life as to keep him from

getting crazy and going off half-cocked on some nutso scheme.

My ass. Her real purpose in life is to

keep his life from getting so exciting he won't make

time for a boring wretch like her.

And don't think it doesn't work the other way

around, too. There are plenty of energetic, go-getter women

who never get to fly because they are chained down to some no-cojones

sissy who wants to keep that lady at home in the kitchen where

"she belongs."

And, of course, not only are some of these

human handicaps family, some of them are very important to

your business, aren't they? Hey, maybe Ol' Mr. Bile is a

zitzul-draining grouch but he still represents a big chunk of

our business and we can't ignore that, can we?

Yes We Can!

Look, all of us, at some time or another, have

had to eat a little ca-ca for money. Even me. If the wolf is

at the door and I don't know where the rent is coming from, I

suppose, if necessary, I'd munch a little doo-doo in order to

make ends meet.

However, as long as I can make the rent, I

won't gobble any grief from anybody for any reason.

Nor should you. It's not practical. It

puts a "governor" on your cheerfulness and energy

which is the raw material from which all satisfying

wealth is created!

But hey, editing those drainers out of your

life isn't the only alternative, right? Certainly not for a

nice person like you. Someone who cares. Someone who

understands. Someone who is kind and...

Someone Who Is Going To

Change All Those People!

Sure, your spouse may be a dead head now, but

wait till you make him/her understand the potential of what

you are doing. Things'll be different then, right?

Sure, maybe Mr. Bile has a tendency to suck

all cheer from our souls but, if we treat him nicely and

kindly enough, for a long enough time, he'll come around,

he'll change, right?

Trust me, Buckwheat, you ain't gonna live that

long.

Some time ago, I spent a week in Park City,

Utah with an old friend and business partner, Dennis Haslinger.

Dennis and I hadn't seen each other for a while and, when we

weren't skiing or working, we sat around in front of a

fireplace and had some of those philosophical

"save-the-world" discussions. And here's what's

funny: When we asked each other what the single biggest

mistake we seemed to be making over and over was, we both had

the same answer. And, what it was is, we had both worn

ourselves thin trying to get other people (whom we could see

had potential), to go for the gusto. Sadly, in most cases...

We Wanted More For Those People

Than They Wanted For Themselves!

Please, please, don't you keep making

this same mistake.

So why am I ranting and raving about this? Why

eight pages of exhorting you to consciously eliminate

the human deadwood from your life? It's very simple. You see,

next month I'm going to tell you exactly, in pinpoint

specific detail, how you can systematically create a

huge marketing winner and gather unto you as much money as

your greedy little heart could ever desire. It's going to be

one of those ("Aha, so that's how it's done") letters and -- unless you

are beyond all hope -- you are going to take that info, run

with it, make a lot of bucks and be very grateful to me and

then, for some reason or another, you may decide to call my

office and...

I Won't Want To Talk With You

Unless You Have Freed Yourself

From All The Human Mulch In Your Life!

And I don't care how much money you make.

You see, damn it, there are too few Byrons and

too many Freds.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

Now, here's something you can do that will make you feel

good and maybe teach you a little something. You can call

the Jefferson Institute (801-489-3691) and ask for Stacy

and tell her you'll make a small contribution to the Byron

Booth Scholarship fund started by Jay Abraham and Gary

Halbert if she will, in return, send you a

cassette recording of Byron's last talk (last week)

on "What I've Learned As An Entrepreneur."

Peace.

"That's

all they pick on now," says

Big Lucie's daughter. "Any kind of

sporting people. Anybody with any

sort of cheerful outlook."

---To

Have And Have Not

by Ernest

Hemingway

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.