SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zdla_multi_level_marketing.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:46
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek,

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

What I am about to write, I should have

written a long time ago.

You know, hardly a day goes by

that I don't get one or more requests to help someone with

some sort of multi-level or "network" marketing

scheme. Anymore, I don't even return the telephone calls or

answer the letters. In fact, my staff has instructions to

automatically destroy all communications from people who want

my help in these areas and to not even tell me about their

inquiry.

In *one of my recent seminars, there was a

couple of guys who didn't tell me they were involved in

multi-level marketing until they got up on the "hot

seat." Everything they were involved in was a total scam.

Well, I let them and the audience talk for a while and then...

I let them have it. I've never behaved that way or used that

kind of language at a seminar before and, I hope I never do

again.

After the hot seat, we threw them out of the

seminar.

Now look, just in case there is any remaining

doubt in anybody's mind about how I feel on this subject,

please underline the following sentence in your mind:

Multi-Level

Marketing Sucks!

It sucks big time. It's dorky, it's dangerous,

it's sleazy and it's stupid. It is a magnet for slime. It is

true that not every product sold by multi-level marketing is

inferior. It is also true not every person involved in this

nonsense is unethical. I must admit their are some (very few)

good products and some (very few) good people involved in this

insanity. However, even though it sometimes involves good

products and good people...

Multi-Level Marketing Is

Always Stupid!

The "rap" on one recent multi-level

scam is that, some time ago, there was a product developed

which enhances gas mileage by 30% or more. However, until

recently, this product was not put on the market because it

was too bulky and, therefore, difficult and expensive to ship.

But now, lo and behold, modern technology has enabled

scientists to "concentrate" this product down into

something called a "green bean"... and... all you

have to do is pop one of these little dudes into your gas tank

and you can cut your fuel bills by a huge percentage.

What a joke. If all this were true, you

certainly wouldn't have to peddle this little miracle by

multi-level. Actually, you wouldn't even need to do any kind

of conventional marketing. No way. If all this were

true, all you'd need was...

A Press Conference!

What you'd do is, you'd stand in front of a

group of reporters and say, "Look,

I know you're all skeptical and I don't blame you. However,

this little green bean really does work and we are going to

pass several of them out to each of you. All I want you to do

is plop one of them into your gas tank the next time you fill

up and then, keep a careful record of your gas mileage. After

you do this for a couple of weeks, the results will speak for

themselves."

What would happen then, if this green bean

really worked? It's simple; you'd have a nationwide sensation

on your hands. Individuals and organizations would be beating

down your door. You'd be all over the evening news in a flash.

You'd be on *Jay Leno, Oprah and all the rest. But, alas, the

"green bean" cannot be promoted like this because...

It's A Fraud!

Just like all the multi-level cosmetics and

vitamins that are going to give you back your youth. Just like

that stupid "gold scam" where you buy "right to

purchase more" certificates you are then supposed to go

out and sell to other people who are just as gullible as you.

But what about the legitimate products being sold via

multi-level? Consider this: There was a nice man who came to

my seminar in Los Angeles at the Century Plaza who had an

entire catalog of good stuff to sell. He wanted my help on

focusing down on which product he should concentrate on

selling. One of his products was an oriental weight-loss plan

and I suggested he concentrate on that. He said fine and would

I teach him how to build a huge "downline" to sell

the product?

Reluctantly, I said I would but only if first,

he would give me a chance to talk him out of it. Then I told

him that currently, one of my clients was mailing a

weight-loss promotion to the tune of 125,000 first-class

letters per day! Then, I

asked him, "How

many people would you have to have in your downline to achieve

the sales my client is getting in just one single week?"

The point is this: If you have something good

to sell, sell it! Don't

sell somebody else on the idea of selling somebody else to

sell somebody else to sell somebody else, etc., etc., etc.

One of the current dumb MLM ideas is based on

a telephone deal that will lower a person's telephone bill.

Assuming this deal is legitimate, wouldn't it be faster, more

profitable and less hassle to sell this by direct mail? All

you'd have to do is get one of the big compilers to rent you a

mailing list which included phone numbers (there are tens of millions

of such names) and then mail a letter that starts out

something like this:

June 6, 1991

Rodney

Efferheart

7496 Caleb Street

Lorimar, CA  33099

Dear

Rodney,

You and I have never met but I know three

things about you:

1. You live on Caleb Street in Lorimar,

California.

2. Your telephone number is (907) 489-1633.

3. Your telephone bills are way too

high!

How do I know all this? Well, #1 and #2 are

simply a matter of public record. And, as far as #3 is

conceerned, I've recently learned that nearly everybody's

phone bill in Lorimar is way too high!

Here's the scoop. Etc., etc., etc., blah, blah,

blah, and so forth...

Think about this, dear subscriber: It would

only cost you a few hundred smackers to test such a letter

and, if it worked, you could easily "snowball" this

thing until you were mailing over 100,000 letters per week...

Almost Forever!

Assuming you were getting say a 5% response

from your letter, you'd be taking in about 1,000 orders every

working day. Now, I ask you, how many DD's ("Downline

Dorks") would it take you to equal that kind of action?

What if, for example, when I created the famous coat-of-arms

promotion, I decided to sell those family crest reports by MLM?

How well would I have done? Well, by selling them by direct

mail, we sometimes took in 20,000 checks per day. Tell me, how

many DD's would you have to have to equal that?

The whole idea of MLM is stupid. It's also

depressing. What's more, MLM has something in common with a

pretty woman, which is...

Both Of Them Can

Lower Your I.Q.!

Ever try to talk rationally to a guy who is in

love? You're wasting your time. The object of his affection

could be an ax murderess and he'd still see nothing but good

in her.

So it is with MLM. Take a super smart guy like

Howard Ruff, get him on the subject of MLM and there, right

before your eyes, you'll see his eyes glaze over and his brain

begin to melt. He will become unreachable and unteachable.

Burn him once and he'll come back for more. Because, as they

say, "It's not the

concept that was bad, it was the people."

Wrong. Everything about MLM is bad. MLM is not

inherently evil but it does (nearly always) attract inherently

evil people. Even if you start out with good products, good

intentions and good people, you will eventually, if you grow a

little, attract a massive amount of human scum into your

operation. And, even if this were not true, the whole

idea is still stupid. When you shuck right down to the

cob, MLM is simply a magnet for lazy people who are looking

for a way to sell without selling.

The whole thing sucks.

Now, let me save some of you some time and

energy. Many people are going to read what I've just written

and they are going to want to explain to me where I've missed

the boat. They'll say, "Yes, what you say is normally true, but this deal is

different. We've got the greatest product in the world and

it's totally backed up by unbiased scientific research. Not

only that, some of the finest people in America are in our

organization. We've got lawyers, judges, doctors,

millionaires, clergymen, and so on. Yes Gary, what you say is usually

right but us... we're different."

I don't care. What you're doing is still

stupid and, as far as I'm concerned, you can take your

"green beans," your Nu-Skin, your wonder vitamins,

your gold certificates, etc. and...

Stuff 'Em Where

The Sun Don't Shine!

I wonder, could there be anyone out there

still confused about how I feel about MLM? Yes, I'm sure there

are since, in my opinion, MLM is an I.Q. lowering drug that

should probably be regulated by the FDA. Therefore, for those

of you reading this who want to write or phone me about MLM,

you'll be wasting your time. My staff has been told they can

be fired just for giving me a

message from someone who is writing or phoning about MLM.

If you are involved in MLM, I don't want you at my seminars, I

don't want to hear your voice on the phone, I don't want to

read your letters, I don't want to meet you in person and

basically...

I Don't Even Want

To Know Of Your Existence!

Now look, there's nothing wrong with looking

for an easy way to make a buck as long as it's legal,

slime-free and ethical. So, after having trashed MLM, I feel I

owe it to you to reveal unto you a genuine "magic

way" to make some money. I am looking at you right now in

my mind's eye. You're sitting there reading this letter and

you're saying to yourself, "Gosh,

Gary's right about MLM but I sure wish he'd give me a

fool-proof, can't-fail plan that will pull in fungolas like

crazy. Something that will work anywhere. Something I can do

all by myself. Something that will work over and over and has

an unlimited potential."

Am I right? Isn't that what you're thinking?

What's that? You say I'm not right? You say you have no

interest in an ethical new way to rake in huge piles of cash?

OK fine, then I'll write about something else.

Did I ever tell you about the time I was in a bar in Germany

when this girl came over to me and...

JUST

KIDDING! JUST KIDDING! I will tell you. I swear.

I'll do it right now.

OK, to begin with, here is what should be one

of the most exciting sentences you will ever read:

"90%

Of All Business Owners In

America Have Never Written A Sales

Letter To Their Customers!"

Think about

what this means! It means there are millions and millions

of fungolas just laying around out there waiting for someone

to pick them up. This is a

jackpot situation! Here's how to exploit this baby:

Step #1:

Cut out all ads of local business

owners in the yellow pages of your telephone book.

Step #2:

Cut out all ads of local

business owners that have ran in your local newspaper

in the last week or so.

Step #3:

Write a personal letter to 100 of

these business owners and tell each one you saw his ad

recently and you have a proven idea he can use (at no

cost to him) that will generate a lot of profit for

his business in the next two weeks.

Step #4:

Send out all 100 of these letters by

Federal Express. (Don't economize here. Don't use

first-class mail, certified mail, UPS, Express Mail or

anything else.) Dammit, use

Federal Express!

Step #5:

Wait 1-day and then call each of these

business owners and ask if he got your Fed Ex letter

and chat him up a bit and ask him if you can have a

five minute personal meeting with him.

Step #6:

Go to all your appointments and

interview each business owner. What you want to find

out is (1) Does he seem like an OK guy you could work

with, and if so, (2) How many names are there on his

customer list, and (3) What product or service does he

have that has a large profit margin that is already

a good seller.

OK, that's the first half of what you do. Now,

just for the heck of it, let's say one of the guys you are

talking with is the owner of an art gallery and he has just

received a shipment of original oil paintings done by a famous

artist. During the course of your interview you discover these

oil paintings are priced in the $12,000 to $15,000 range which

is a 50% mark-up over dealer's cost. What you do next is, you

tell the gallery owner you want to take a shot at selling

those paintings for him for an average of $2,000 more

than he was going to sell them for and that extra $2,000 will

be your "commission." Tell him you are going to

write a sales letter to all of his customers which will make

many of them come to his gallery with checkbook in hand.

He'll either agree or he won't. Don't waste a

lot of time trying to convince him. If he's not a savvy,

fair-minded guy, simply go to the next person on your list.

This is simply a game of percentages. What you are doing is fishing.

You're trying to locate a savvy guy, an honest guy, a guy with

a good sense of humor, an easy-to-work-with likeable

guy who will be happy to allow you to increase his sales on a

basis that is risk-free to him.

Work this plan and you will find such

people. Once you do, you then shake hands on a deal and you

proceed as follows:

Step #7:

Write a sales

letter about those oil paintings. Tell how they just arrived, how

they are in limited supply, how they represent a good

investment potential, how beautiful they are, etc.

Then, invite the reader to a private

viewing of those paintings.

Step #8:

Send out 100

of these letters via Federal Express.

Step #9:

Wait 1-day and

then call each of these customers, ask if he got your

Federal Express letter and chat him up a bit and

"nudge" him to come to the private viewing.

Step #10:

Go to to the

private viewing yourself, help the owner pull off this

shindig and collect your commissions... and then...

Work This Same Plan (And

Variations Of It) Over And Over

And Over With Various Business Owners!

Summed up, this plan is very simple: Locate

business owners who sell high mark-up goods who have a healthy

customer list to whom they have never mailed a sales letter

and then you write sales letters to those customers and

take a cut of all sales that result.

A few fine points: (A) Do not approach

these business owners as a marketing consultant or an

advertising expert. Approach them as an investor. (B) Don't

use the owner's money even if he wants you to. Use your own.

This is very important because it will immediately establish

the "tone" of your relationship. (C) Don't

"sell" these business owners very hard. You are

looking for the "gold" among these guys and you'll

wear yourself out if you run around trying to turn sow's ears

into silk purses. Deal only with those who are eager

for your proposition. (D) Value yourself. Don't act as though

anybody is doing you a favor by granting you the interview. If

anything, it's you that's doing the favor. (E) And

finally... stop worrying about whether or not you are going to

be cheated in one of the deals. You will be. That's

part of life. Just keep moving, holding on to the quality,

discarding the trash... and... someday, you'll have an

extended family of clients, friends, lovers, associates,

employees and so on who are "human gems" that add

sparkle, quality, laughter, support and love to your life.

People like all the neat folks in my

life!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

Please

do not misinterpret what I wrote about Howard Ruff.

He's a very intelligent, very savvy, moral man. I

suspect his I.Q. is far higher than mine and I've

learned a lot from him. I read his letter, listen to

his lectures and I have enormous respect for him. It's

just that when he's "on" MLM he, like

everybody else, loses his ability to think straight.

Sort

of like me, when I was on the beach in Cannes and I

saw all those... ah, forget it.

P.S.

#2

I

am now in the process of sending a personal thank you

note to everyone who made a contribution to the

Domestic Abuse Shelter. Not only that, those of you

who responded are about to be let in on one of the

hottest ways to make money I have come across in the

last 10 years!

Thank

you, thank you, thank you, thank you!

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.