SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zdlk_financial_sodomy.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:48
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

You are now reading what can best be described

as the first issue of the 2nd generation of

The Gary Halbert Letter.

In what I now think of as the first generation

of this newsletter, I wrote and published 118 issues. When I

started, it was just me and a young lady named Paulette

working out of a Dilbert-type cubicle on the penthouse floor

of a large office building located at 9255 Sunset Boulevard

near the boundary line of West Hollywood and Beverly Hills.

I'm somewhat proud of the 118 issues that make

up the first generation of this newsletter. Taken as a whole,

it is a rather astonishing body of work that has generated

untold hundreds of millions of dollars for a surprising amount

of people located not only here in the U.S. but also, all over

the globe in more than 50 different countries. And, it will

continue to do so, I believe, for many generations to come.

True, much of what I have written was timely but, a

significant portion of it is virtually... timeless!

Fundamentals don't change. After all, that's

why they are called fundamentals. "Do unto others as you

would have them do unto you," was good advice 2,000 years

ago; it is good advice now... and...

It Will Be Good Advice

2,000 Years From Now!

However, even if fundamentals don't change,

technology does. In fact, technology is changing so

fast nowadays, it is having an enormous effect on us as a

society. We can now communicate faster, sell faster, buy

faster, lie faster, steal faster, sicken each other faster,

get rich faster, go broke faster... and... most importantly...

we can lose our way... faster than ever!

Never before has society been so

well-informed... and... so bewildered. Everyone is

going around saying "Information is King" and,

"Access to information is what makes the difference between

winners and losers." Not true. If it were true, everyone

who owns a computer and has access to the web would be rich.

Information is important but, it is just a tool. As far

as success is concerned, there is only one element that is

"king." It always has been "king," it is now, and, it always

will be. What is this essential element that is at the core of

all successful endeavors? Simply this:

Proactivity!

Proactivity is the real difference

between winners and losers. Losers simply absorb information

and, at best, they just react to it. Actually, these

days, there's such an incredible glut of information, most of

us are simply numbed by it. Winners, on the other hand,

when they get good info... they act on it. And now,

good info is easier and faster to get than ever before...

and... therefore, a "proactive" person now has available to

him, instant access to "information tools" that, if used

properly, can help him succeed faster and on a larger scale

than ever before.

Why am I going on and on so much about this?

Well, guess what? Right now, as I write this, I have at my

side a brand new GATEWAY 2000 PC. It's got an Intel 233 MHz

Pentium processor with MMX Technology, an EV500 .28 Screen

Pitch 15" monitor with a 13.9" viewing area, a super-fast

TelePath modem with X2 Technology, a Canon BJC printer, a 16MB

SDRAM and 512K Pipelined Burst Cache, two Esoniq Wavetable

Audio (with Altec) speakers and a nifty, stand-up, desk-top

microphone which lets me use my PC as a speakerphone.

This whole set-up costs only $1,499.00 and

it's perfect for a person like me. As far as PC's go, it's

truly a no-brainer. It's the electronic equivalent of going to

McDonald's and ordering Value Meal #3. I connected all the

parts together... all by myself... and I use this

sucker every day. One guy, a true computer pro, said he'd

never seen anyone start at ground zero and become computer

literate as fast as me. (I guess he doesn't have any teenage

kids.)

Sort of a surprise, isn't it? Actually, it's

even more surprising to me. What has happened? Well,

this has all come about because of a recent experience I want

to tell you about: A few months ago, I get a call from an old

friend who tells me he's working with some people on a really

exciting new project and he's told everyone involved I would

be the perfect person to create and oversee the marketing for

this project. We arrange a conference call between myself,

himself, and the other principals involved. In October, I had

to fly to California because of my youngest son's wedding...

and... that made it convenient for me to meet the CEO of this

company in person at the Miramar Hotel in Santa Monica.

I was very impressed with this guy and, to

make a long story short, I signed on board to do the marketing

for his company.

What I did first was create a full-page ad

that ran twice in the same month (December, 1997) in

Investor's Business Daily. This turned out to be one of

the most effective ads I've ever written. And, in order for

you to better understand this story, I've enclosed a copy of

that ad with this issue of my newsletter and, I need you to

read it before I continue.

So, do it! Don't just sit there like a lump on

a log staring at your navel. Unfold the ad and read it...

Right Now!

Zowie! Is that one bitch of an ad or what? Now

listen: As you know, I'm not one to brag.... but... that ad

produced an incredible response... and... I think it's fair to

say it literally electrified the investment community

all over the world.

OK, part of what I was hired to do for this

company was to simply "hover" over everything  going on. Now,

understand this: The first time this ad ran in Investor's

Business Daily, it was strategically timed to appear as

the company CEO was overseas with his "team" trying to impress

bankers and other big time investors. In other words, part of

the job of this ad (other than the obvious) was to be an

effective tool in the "pitch kit" of this little team of

vultures who were going after serious investment money.

Anyway, as part of my job of "hovering," I decide to call the

800# mentioned in the ad a couple of days before the ad

breaks. What I get is one of two things: Either a busy

signal... or... some idiot on the phone who couldn't qualify

for a job at McDonald's and can't even correctly pronounce the

name of the company. Let alone talk intelligently to whomever

was calling.

I call an old friend of mine, Laura Charles,

and get her to drop everything else she's doing and fly to

Nebraska where the 800# service is located, be a "Nazi Bitch"

and whip them into shape. She did a magnificent job. She gets

them to put on ten more operators, answer the phone live

24-hours per day and teaches them how to properly

respond to the calls.

The ad breaks, the calls start flooding in

and, thanks to Laura, the calls are all handled the way they

need to be handled. Now, if you'll recall, near the end of the

ad, the reader is asked to call the 800# and leave his name

and address in order to receive a video featuring the inventor

explaining what he has invented and the company CEO giving an

overview of the company and its plans for expansion. That's

not what I wrote in the first draft of this ad. In the

first draft, it said something like, "There's an investment

opportunity here but, it's not for the little guy. However, if

you or your organization can invest $50,000 or more, this is a

situation worth looking into."

That verbiage was eliminated because the

company's attorney said it wasn't legal for this company to

solicit for investors. His suggestion was to replace that part

of the ad with a simple request for the reader to buy the

product. I told him it would be idiotic to pay $14,000+ to buy

a full page in IBD just to sell a consumer product that

retails for $19.95 and, if that was the law, we ought to just

cancel the ad. Well, the powers that be didn't want to just

scratch that ad so, the ad ended up saying something

about "being passionately committed to producing this

amazing new invention... as fast as their financing will allow

them to expand."

Alrighty, now we've got the ad copy approved

by the company's wonderfully-astute attorney, we're getting

the phones answered promptly and properly and, the day before

the CEO and his team left for Europe, they shot the raw

footage for the video that was going to be sent to all the

callers who responded to the ad.

The video footage sucked.

It began with the "60 something" inventor

trying to impress the young people assembled for the taping

with a rap song about his product... and then... it

went downhill from there.

Good God, what

could possibly be in any adult person's mind that would make

him think a video tape of him mouthing a rap song would

impress a would-be investor? Whatever. It was obvious the

video would have to be HEAVILY edited before it could

be sent out so, I wrote a one-page letter to all the callers

which said in part:

"The free video will be sent

to you approximately 14 working days from now. The technicians

are working out a few editing glitches and we'll rush the tape

to you as soon as they are finished.

"However, if you (like me) are

one of those 'got-to-have-it-now' people (when it comes to

'cutting-edge' info) and you don't want to wait for the video,

please accept this as my personal invitation for you to

call me... immediately... and I'll be more than happy

to give you a summary of the information that will be on the

video.

"Obviously, if you're one of

the first to call, you'll have a head start on this valuable

info over the people who won't have it until they watch the

video. And, as you know, when it comes to business, the value

of important, new information is in direct proportion to how

fast you get it before it becomes 'common knowledge' to

everybody else."

Now, of course, this dysfunctional company I

was doing all this world-class work for didn't have anybody

who could actually type this letter and get it mailed out...

so... I had my trusty assistant, Theresa, get that job done.

Let's fast forward just a little bit in time.

Now we are somewhere in the middle of January of 1998. The ad

you just read has appeared twice in Investor's

Business Daily. Thousands of calls have come in and been

handled properly and all the names, address and phone numbers

of the callers have been captured. Each caller has received a

letter offering more info without having to wait to get the

video. These people are hot to trot! They've read a

full-page ad, responded to that ad... gotten a personal letter

inviting them to call the company direct, responded to that

letter... and...

They Can't Get Anyone In

The Company To Talk With Them!

These people don't care about the video.

They want to invest in the company! They volunteer

they are accredited investors (I'll explain the

significance of that another time) and they have $50,000...

or... $150,000... or more... they want to invest! They not

only call... but... they are call back six, seven,

eight times or more. We'll never know but, I believe that ad

(which cost about $14,000) would have, if handled properly...

generated around $150,000,000!

I flew to California to try to help these

people. I stayed at the Oakwood Apartments in Newport Beach

for an entire month. But, it was useless. The CEO was so

screwed up, so dysfunctional and so obstructive to the growth

of this company, it was impossible to help him. By

ineptness and constant failure to keep his word, he was like a

human tornado ripping through a trailer park of humanity

leaving dozens of good people damaged, bewildered... and

incensed. At first, I kept trying to clean up his messes.

But... I couldn't keep up! I felt like a guy with a

snow shovel running behind a team of Clydesdale horses with

diarrhea trying to shovel up all the shit being left behind

before more people started to drown in it.

It was hopeless. But, you know what? I now

believe, from a financial point of view...

This Is The Best Thing

That Ever Happened To Me!

You see, what these people were trying to do

was, take their company "public" so shares of stock in the

company could be legally bought and sold on one of the major

exchanges. Previous to this experience, I knew next to nothing

about the process of "going public" and, I had almost no

interest whatsoever in the stock market.

That's all changed now. What I've discovered

is there is so much money to be made in the stock market...

and... it can be made so easily, it is almost beyond belief.

First, Americans have more money invested in the stock market

right now than ever before. Currently, stock investments make

up 28% of the total wealth of U.S. households. This has more

than doubled just since 1990, when it was only 12%. Americans,

now have, for the first time ever, more money invested in the

stock market than they do... even in real estate!

Best of all, most people who invest in the

stock market are "total financial idiots." They make most of

their stock buying decisions based on the advice of their

personal stock broker... or else... on the advice of

high-priced stock market "experts." Stock brokers, in general,

are not investment experts... they are salesmen. And,

for the most part, they are stupid and/or unethical to an

astonishing degree. Stock market "experts" are truly a joke.

Have you ever heard of the "Dartboard Index"?

Here's the way it works: Every six months, staffers of the

Wall Street Journal throw darts (literally) at a listing

of all the stocks on the market. Then, they track those stocks

to see how well an investor who bought those stocks (selected

by the Dartboard) would have fared against the Dow Jones Index

and versus a consensus of the expert's opinions. Here's the

results for the last six months:

DARTBOARD PORTFOLIO

UP 6.5%

DOW

JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE

DOWN

0.7%

EXPERTS

AS A GROUP

DOWN

14.1%

Think about it. These experts are among the

most respected in the country. They include William P. Miller

of IDS Equity Investors (his was the only stock pick that

actually went up), Jeffrey Meyer of Brandes Investment

Partners, and Christopher O'Keefe of Compu-Val Investments.

These people don't come cheap! They, and others like them,

are paid enormous amounts of money for advice, that

seems to me... just plain silly. Ask any of these experts what

makes a stock price go up or down and they'll give you what I

consider to be totally "off-the-mark" answers. "The

PE ratio was up," they'll say. Or, "The company has

developed a new microchip or something else that solves a

problem faster, easier and cheaper than ever before."

None of that is what makes a stock price go up

or down. What does? It is the NEWS of some development.

Get that straight in your head. It's not the

development itself: It's the news of that development.

Therefore, the way to win when you play the stock market is

simply to know the news before anyone else! Imagine this:

Imagine you know tomorrow there is going to be a "rave" story

in the Wall Street Journal about how ABC Widget Company

has (ready-to- market) a secret, new gizmo that turns ordinary

tap water into champagne for less than five cents per gallon.

Guess what's going to happen to the price of

ABC's stock when that story hits the front page of the

Journal? It's not hard to figure out...

The Price Of The Stock Is

Going To Skyrocket!

Now, imagine this: You already know this

article is going to appear in the Journal. In fact, you

know the writer is going to be writing about it even before

the writer knows it himself. In fact, you know about this

development... even before... anyone in ABC Widget

Company (including the CEO) knows about it. Let's say the

stock is now selling for $10.00 per share and, you know

it's going to jump up to at least $15.00 per share when

the news breaks.

What do you do? Go out and buy shares in ABC

and then cash in when the story hits? Not a bad idea. For

$10,000 you could buy 1,000 shares... and then... the next

day, you could sell at $15.00 per share and make $5,000 on

your investment.

Sound good? But wait. What if you didn't buy

those shares... but instead... you "optioned" them for about

5% of their value. Doing it like that would give you control

of 20,000 shares. Then, the next day when you cashed in, your

$5.00 per share profit (minus the 50 cents you paid for the

option) would be $4.50 per share times 20,000 shares... which

is...

$90,000!

How can this be possible? How can you know the

news before anyone else, even the people who run the

company... and how... can you know exactly when the

news is going to break before anybody else?

I'm not going to tell you.

The most profitable money-making secret I ever

came up with was the one that created the family crest company

(Halbert's Inc.) which still exists today and has generated

hundreds of millions of dollars. I came up with that idea back

in 1968 and, it's taken me 30 years to come up with one that's

even better... maybe even 100 times better.

However, even though I don't intend to tell

you how this secret works, I will tell you how you can

profit from it. I'm going to do it in almost every issue here

on out in this 2nd generation of my newsletter. Why is this

secret so much better? Because, with this one, you don't have

to hire anyone, create anything, market anything or even talk

to another human being. You know, the time has truly and

finally arrived... when... it is actually possible to become a

multi-millionaire while sitting in a canoe with nothing but a

laptop PC, a modem and a cell phone!

However, I'm going to be more effective at

teaching you about all this if you will do a little

"homework." First, I want you to become aware of just how

dishonest and unethical people who sell investments to the

public really are. The best way you can do this (and it will

leave no doubt in your mind) is to read a new book

called F.I.A.S.C.O. subtitled "Blood In The Water On

Wall Street" by Frank Partnoy and published by W.W. Norton &

Company, Inc.  (ISBN 0-393-04622-2).

Just read it. You won't believe it. But, I

believe it. After my recent experience with "Financial Sodomy

Inc." in Irvine, California, I know this writer is not

exaggerating. By the way, when you are trying to "go public"

and/or raise investment money for what is to be a

publicly-traded company, you need something called a "stock

evaluation report" written by an expert. The one for

"Financial Sodomy Inc." was written by a snot-nosed,

27-year-old kid in Aspen, Colorado who actually, for reasons

unfathomable to me, is entitled to hold himself out to be an

"Investment Banker."

You know what this guy's sophisticated,

financial evaluation says the worth of this company will be in

December of 1999? Just 24-months from when he created this

truly "creative" official-looking report? How about more

than...

One Billion And

700 Million Dollars!

That's pretty good, isn't it? After a careful

and judicious analysis, this guy concludes this company...

that cannot... at this time... answer its phones or even get a

letter typed... is somehow going to "morph" into a debt-free

company worth upwards of two billion in less than two

years. That's like saying we're on the verge of having peace

in the Middle East. (Lord, I've seen screwed-up companies

before but, I've never seen anything like this where there was

nothing but "chimps-in-the-cockpit.")

Anyway, I also want you to immediately read

another book called WallStreet.com subtitled "Fat Cat

Investing At The Click Of A Mouse!" This one's by Andrew D.

Klein and published by Henry Holt & Company, Inc. (ISBN

0-8050-5758-7).

And, go get your silly ass a copy of the

Jan/Feb issue of Internet Shopper which features a

story on Online stock trading and compares 45 different

Internet Brokers. By the way, one of the pioneers, and one of

the best of the online brokers, is located at http://www.etrade.com.

Plus, there's one special web site I want you

to log onto and surf around a little. Just have your search

engine find "IPO CENTRAL." I know, I know. This is all

starting to sound like "work"... but... trust me, there just

might be a big payoff here. So, stop bitching and boot up.

And, here's even more web addresses with which I want you to

become familiar: http://www.firstcall.com; http://www.investools.com;

http://cybersurfing.com and finally http://www.investor.com.

Now, I gotta tell you, the main reason my

trusty GATEWAY 2000 sits at my side... is... because it is

such a superb tool for the research I now do on the stock

market. But, there is a second reason: You know, there's

hundreds of web site experts out there now... that will... for

a hefty fee, set up a web site for you so you can make huge

profits on the Internet. The problem, of course, is none of

these jerks actually know how to make a profit on the

Internet; they only know how to make a big profit by lying to

you about how they can teach you how to do it. People who say

they can do this remind me of people who sell ad space in the

yellow pages. Their pitch is, they can help you design your

yellow age ad so you will make mucho fungolas.

The problem, of course, is they haven't a

"clue" how to actually make a yellow page ad profitable; they

only know how to sell space in the yellow pages.

A web site can be a profit center... but only... if it

is designed by a real salesman! And, the fees now being

charged by "image" advertising idiots are getting so

outrageous that someone (and I guess that's gonna have to be

me) needs to step in and lay a little sobriety on

everyone involved.

There's a company in Irvine, California called

"Electronic Media Communications" or "EMC" for short. They

offer to do all kinds of electronic publicity including

preparing television press kits, arranging television news

story placements, creating satellite media tours, video news

releases, radio media tours, radio news releases, radio public

service announcements, getting your story on the various wire

services... plus... various other services including helping

you set up a web site. Here, word-for-word is the part about

web sites written in one of their recent multi-page proposals:

"WORLD

WIDE WEB SITE

"As we

all know, the World Wide Web has become the fastest growing

medium of all time. By the year 2000, more than $200 billion

dollars of commerce will be conducted on the Internet. With

health and health related topics being one of the top 5

subjects of the Internet and WWW, we would like to recommend

that Seychelle develop a considerable presence on the

Internet.

Web Site Development, Hosting and Maintenance

"EMC

proposes to develop, host and maintain one of the most

substantial sites on the WWW dedicated to information about

drinking water. This site would be designed in such a way as

to provide information of interest to consumers, retail buyers

and the media about Seychelle and news and information about

water quality throughout the United States.

"Conceptualization,

Content Preparation,

Photography, Art Direction, Programming,

Audio and Video Serving:

$150,000

"Monthly Hosting and Maintenance:

$ 30,000 (per year)

Internet

Publicity And Promotion

"Once

the site is developed, the EMC New Media publicity and

promotion department would promote the site and Seychelle as a

whole throughout the Internet and WWW. This service would

include on-going promotion in all search engines, data bases,

indices, news groups, bulletin boards, and through 'covert

infiltration in chat rooms,' etc. All of these services would

be combined with media relations programs with the on-line

versions of traditional media such as USA Today Online, CNN

Online, etc.

"Complete Online

PR Services:

$42,000

(35 hours)@ $100 per month)"

Well now, let's see: If my math is correct,

all these good folk want is $222,000 to create, maintain and

publicize a web site. Gosh, they must be pretty good at it,

huh. Oh wait! I see on their letterhead, they have a

web site themselves. I bet it's a doozy. It's http://www.emcnews.com.

Hmn, maybe before I go any further, I should boot up my trusty

GATEWAY and see whatever it is these electronic wizards have

created for their own company.

So hang on a minute. Sir Gary of Halbert is

going on-line. (I never thought I would ever

write or say those words.)

Wow! What a web site! It's got color! It's got

words! It's got... uh... let's see... well, it's got color and

uh, it's got words. My guess is, the creation of this

web site ought to have cost... oh say... maybe a dozen pizzas

and a couple of 6-packs of Coke for some geeky high school

student. And just look at the roster of big corporate clients

listed on their web site who have retained these wizards for

web site creation and their other services. You know, I'm in

the wrong business. I work my ass off to create multi-page

letters and long copy ads that actually sell stuff at a

profit... as opposed... to those heavily credentialed (truly)

pros who get paid zillions to create vapid,

good-for-the-client's-ego, "image-building" ads that are about

as far from a good sales pitch as Bill Clinton is from being

"Husband Of The Year."

Stay with me. In my next issue of this 2nd

generation of my newsletter, I'm going to start giving you the

true scoop on how to make money with your PC, how to play the

stock market with a truly unfair edge... and... the sober

way to create a profitable web site.

Does this mean I'm switching over to making

this a stock market and/or electronic marketing newsletter...

instead of... the stuff I usually write about? No, it only

means I'm going to add these topics to what I already

write about. I'm still the same Gary Halbert you've learned to

love and to hate, the guy who both inspires and frustrates

you... but... I'm out of the bag now. I'm loose, running

around and...

I'm On-Line & Dangerous!

You just wait.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

I'm going to do some price testing and

this 2nd generation of my newsletter is likely to be

much more expensive than the 1st generation. But, that's

only for new

subscribers. Lifers are still Lifers and, anyone who is

now or ever has been a subscriber to this newsletter can

still renew (whenever it comes time) for the same low

price.

And finally, there's something else I need to tell you.

I have made a decision I should have made years ago.

What I've decided to do is... I've decided to

sell this newsletter... and... I'm going to sell it

right away!

Why am I doing this? Is it because I am tired of

writing this newsletter? Not at all, you see, what I am

really tired of is...

Not  Writing This

Newsletter!

Writing this newsletter is what I can do

better than I can do anything else. But you know what?

It seems like I spend about 5% of my time writing it

(lately, it's been 0%) and 95% of my time trying to do

something I have no talent for whatsoever. Namely:

Running a business.

To which, a lot of people have said:

"That's easy to fix Gary. All you need is to have a good

manager and turn over all the details of running the business

to him."  Sounds good.  But, in reality, it

doesn't work out very well. For two reasons: (1) Often

the person who says he will run the business is, in

fact, NOT  competent to do so. (2) And secondly,

even if the person is

competent, I will interfere with

his ability to do a good job. The truth is, if a general

manager is still under the power of the person who

actually owns the company... and... said person with the

power is (like me) "functionally

challenged"... there isn't a prayer of the company

growing the way it should. Guys like me don't need good

guys to run their businesses for them. No.

Guys Like Me Need

To Be Kicked Out Of

Their Own Businesses!

You know what I would do if I didn't

own  this newsletter? It's simple: I'd spend 20 times as

much time writing it as I do now... plus... writing a

continual flow of fresh sales letters and print ads to

promote the newsletter. Then, this already pretty damn

good letter would be a masterpiece  every month.

And, the people who own and run it would get seriously

rich. You know, I doubt there's any newsletter... or...

even any other publication of any nature that has been

as profitable per reader as this one. Also, I don't know

of any other profitable publication where the writer of

it has been so indifferent to promoting it. Here's the

way I work: I dream up a way to promote this newsletter

or some other product. Next, I make a marketing test...

and... if the test turns out to be profitable...

I Drop The Project!

This newsletter, in the right hands,

would have 100 times as many subscribers as it does now.

I haven't mailed a subscription pitch in years. I never

bother to ask people to renew. It's amazing how much

money I would make just by mailing a renewal pitch to my

expires.

To whom am I going to sell this newsletter? I don't know

exactly but, I know I only want to sell it to one or

more people who have been reading it for a long time and

know the nature of it. I am not  going to change

my writing style. If I want to write "I bet Bill

Gates never had a good piece of ass in his life,"

that, by God is what I'm going to write.

What's the price going to be to whomever ends up buying

it? Not as much as you might think. I don't care nearly

as much as how much I get "up front" as I do

about how much of a bankroll the buyers have to mail

letters and run ads to get new subscribers. You see, I'm

going to make my money from taking a percentage of

sales... and... therefore, I want the people who end up

owning this letter to... promote it like crazy!

It gets worse. Whatever person or group of persons

who end up buying this letter are going to have to agree in writing

to the following:

1.

No

one will ever

have the ability to censor a single word I write. If I want to write the

word "shit", I'm gonna write it!

2.

Theresa,

who has stayed with me for eight years already, will be guaranteed her

job...

for life!

3.

All

the mechanical shit (God, it feels so good to write "shit")

will be handled by Kyle Hunter in Santa Ana, California. You know, there's

lots of people who say they can handle all the details of a big marketing

campaign but, Kyle is the only person I've met (I've known him for

11-years) who, not only can do it all... but also... who is honest!

(Translation: He's the only lettershop owner I know of that, for sure,

will not steal a client's postage money.) Here's what Kyle can do:

a. Print, stuff, stamp, seal, address and mail

the sales letters.

b. Take care of all the credit card processing.

c. Fill all the orders.

d. Keep the mailing list up-to-date.

e. See that everyone involved gets an honest

accounting.

Kyle

is the only person I know who can truly offer "one-stop"

shopping for a mail order entrepreneur. By the way, so far, he is

responsible for sending out more than 300,000,000 pieces of mail. On one

diet promo I wrote, Kyle was sending out 125,000 pieces of personalized

mail... per day! If you're in the mail order/direct-response

business in any way, you need to know this guy. Here's his address,

company name, and phone number:

Kyle Hunter

Specialized Mailing

Services

3011 Shannon Street

Santa Ana, California

92704

(714)

444-2284

4.

And

finally, even though I don't know who is going to end up owning this

newsletter, I

do  know who it is I want to set up the deal. His name

is Joe Polish, and he's the guy you should contact if you are interested.

He's a fair guy, he understands the business and, I trust him to see

everyone involved gets a square deal. To avoid playing "telephone

tag" the best thing is to simply

FAX  Joe and give him your name, personal phone number and

tell him the best time to give you a call. His FAX number is...

(602) 967-5847

Why don't I have interested people contact me

directly? It's simple. Because then, it'll just be another example of me

trying to do something I'm not qualified to do which is set-up a business

deal. I don't want

any part  of that stuff anymore. All I want to do now

is...

I Want To Write!

And that's all. I'm already working on my next issue and I

am not  going to let myself get derailed again. There's too much at

stake here. Not only do I have 12-years of newsletter material to sell, I've

got 12 years of PROVEN  back-end products, like books, reports

and audio and video tapes of seminars. When you combine that with what I'm now

producing, (including some truly electric,  ELECTRONIC-MARKETING

SEMINARS) you're talking about a deal where...

It Would Be A Damn

Shame To Let Even

Gary Halbert Screw It Up!

P.S.#2

Do you think maybe I

wrote all that stuff about "Financial Sodomy Inc." in Irvine

because I'm a disgruntled ex-employee? Not at all. They were

paying me $3,700 per week plus a company car, a company

apartment and, all my expenses. Not only that, they liked my

work so much... they offered me an

immediate $2,000,000 bonus to stay.

I swear that's true.

You know, the CEO still can't figure out why I left. I

certainly didn't do it because I'm so flush that I don't

really have any use for a measly two million smackers. I'm not

flush at all. But, unlike lawyers, investment bankers and

stock brokers, there's some shit so revolting... even I can't do it for money!

I'd rather die broke

living on the street in a cardboard box with nothing but a

legal pad and a ball point pen (I still don't write with a PC

even though I can type)... while... writing this

newsletter the best I can... than... live in a penthouse, wear

a three-piece suit... and... pay for everything by

facilitating deals that make me want to puke.

Aw nuts, I'll just

play it out and whatever happens, happens.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.