SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zfll_remember_y2k.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:03
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend & Subscriber,

It's the

last day of April and I'm sitting here staring at a ball cap.

It's a

pretty ordinary ball cap. Millions of people wear one like

this every day. Except, what's different about this one is, it

has a little rectangle of plastic attached to the front of it.

This rectangle is 1-1/2 inches high and 2-1/2 inches wide.

Inside the plastic rectangle is a gray window. Inside the

window are black numbers. The number on the far right of the

display changes every second. It's kind of like wearing a ball

cap with a little plastic clock on the front of it. Except,

this clock runs backwards. What it does is count down how many

days, hours, minutes and seconds are left until this year is

over.

This is

a COUNTDOWN 2000 ball cap. When the numbers reflect zero days

left, zero hours left, zero minutes left and zero seconds

left, this year will be over and the year 2000 will begin.

This hat

is an interesting gimmick but, it irritates me. It keeps me

conscious of time slipping by. I bought it as a gift for my

Uncle Jack (he likes it) and I'll be happy to give it back to

him and get it out of my sight.

Recently, someone took a survey to find out what words or

phrases Americans were most fed up with hearing. I would have

guessed the top of the list would be "Monica Lewinsky." But, I

would have guessed wrong. According to the survey, the #1

thing Americans don't want to hear anything more about is...

Y2K!

Well

folks, that's just too bad because... before you know it...

Y2K is going to be a very serious concern to all

Americans. You see, after nearly a year of systematic

investigation, a special Senate committee has finished a very

sobering study of the Y2K problem that concludes... some

incalculable level of economic disruption is

inevitable!!

"Make

no mistake,"

warns the investigating Senate panel,

"this problem will

affect us all individually and collectively in very profound

ways. It will indeed impact individual businesses and the

global economy. In some cases, lives could even be

at stake!"

I don't

believe a lot of government studies but, I do believe

this one. The authors of the report have taken great care to

avoid both undue alarm and unfounded optimism. Here are some

of their findings:

Planes

Will Not Fall

Out Of

The Sky!

However,

this nation's 670 domestic airports started working on Y2K

compliance way too late and, what we are going to experience

is a lot of... "flight rationing." And, as bad as it's

going to get here, aviation problems are going to be much

worse in other countries.

We Are

Still Going To Be

Able To

Make Telephone Calls!

It looks like 95% of U.S. telephone systems will be ready.

However, the same cannot be said for data networks, cellular

or satellite communication systems.

We Are

Still Going To Be

Able To

Get Our Hands

On Our

Fungolas!

Or, at least, so they say. Banks are mostly Y2K compliant. You

shouldn't have any problems withdrawing your money or getting

cash from an automated teller. Plus, the Federal Reserve

intends to expand available currency by about 1/3 to

approximately 200 billion dollars to cover people who want to

withdraw their money.

Sounds good. But, I wouldn't take it as gospel.

Health

Care In America

Is Going

To Suck!

90% of

all American doctors have done nothing to prepare their

offices for Y2K problems! 64% of hospitals have no plans

whatsoever to test their Y2K fixes before the crunch date.

Federal payment systems for Medicare and other health

insurance programs are way behind schedule as far as preparing

for Y2K problems. A quote from the report:

"The health care

industry is one of the worst prepared for Y2K and carries a

significant potential for harm."

I see some nightmare scenarios on the horizon in this area.

Many of

Us Are Gonna

Have To

Live In The Dark!

As of

the first of this year, only about 50% of electric utilities

were ready for Y2K. The greatest problems will emanate from

approximately 1,000 small, rural electric utilities. Local and

regional "blackouts" are going to be commonplace but, a

prolonged, national blackout is not.

Service

From Government Agencies Is

Going To

Suck Even More

Than It

Does Now!

Some

Federal agencies are prepared. Some are not. Strangely enough,

among the least prepared is the Defense Department. (I don't

know about you but, I'm not sure that's such a bad thing.)

State

and local governments vary widely as far as they are prepared

is concerned. What is rather scary is the Senate panel said,

"The greatest concern is the ability of local communities

to provide 911 emergency services."

The

Economy Is

Gonna

Take A Nosedive!

According to the report, heavily regulated fields such as

banking, insurance and finance are further ahead but health

care, oil, education, agriculture, farming, food processing

and the construction industry are lagging behind.

Any

failure of a critical system is likely to cost up to 3-1/2

million to repair!

What

would you guess AT&T has already spent to solve its Y2K

problems? Would you believe... 900 million dollars?!

And now,

let ol' Guru Gary tell you the main thing that's gonna happen.

The Senate report touched on it but, I'd like to give you an

idea of just how awful what I see as the "main problem" is

going to be.

In a

nutshell, it is other countries.

You

think we're not ready for Y2K? Hell, we're more prepared than

a pack of boy scouts compared to other countries. Take Brazil

as an example. It has already experienced economic chaos

because of the devaluation of the "Real" this year.

But, as losing football teams often say, "Just wait till

next year!" You see, Brazil has hardly even begun to

become Y2K compliant.

So what?

I'll tell you what. Brazil is Maytag's third largest market.

How many washers and dryers do you think Maytag is going to

sell to Brazilians when the new year makes the majority of

Brazilian businesses come to a standstill? And, except for the

U.S., Xerox sells more of its products to Brazil than anywhere

else.

Think

declining sales of Xerox and Maytag... and... all the

thousands of other U.S. companies with major markets in

foreign countries is going to affect our economy? Our stock

market? You bet it will... and... it's not going to be

pretty!

The Y2K

problem, also known as "The Millennium Bug" is not going to be

just another "bump in the road." No, it's going to be...

One Of

The Most

Serious

And Potentially

Devastating Events This

Nation

Has Ever Encountered!

Halbert

hype? Nope. That's a direct quote from the Senate

report. And get this: The government almost always presents

the most positive picture possible on any situation.

So, just imagine how bad this situation is really going to be!

Look,

the Y2K problem is not complicated. To save space, the

pioneers of computer programming used only two digits to

indicate what year the computer was dealing with. For example,

1999 is programmed only as 99. It just assumed the first two

digits are 19. Therefore, in the year 2000, all computers that

aren't fixed are going to think it's 1900.

This is

not a trivial matter. It is going to create world-wide chaos.

Let's

bring it home. What does all this mean to you? What should you

do to be prepared? Is there any way you can profit from this

situation?

I'll get

to that in a minute. But first, I want to tell you some

personal stuff... and then... I'm going to relate this

personal stuff to the Y2K problem.

I have a

small jet boat. Not a jet ski... a jet boat. It's only

14 feet and 4 inches long. I bought it for practically

nothing. A rich guy from Ireland bought it for his son two or

three years ago and then got pissed off at his son and never

gave it to him. Instead, he put it in storage. When I got it,

it looked brand, spanking new.

A jet

engine on a boat operates a lot like a jet engine on a plane.

The jet on the plane sucks air into the front of the engine

and pushes it out the back... thus thrusting the plane

forward. A jet engine on a boat works the same way, except it

sucks in and pushes out water.

You know

how if some sparrows or other birds get sucked into a jet

engine on a plane, it screws everything up? Well, the same is

true of a jet boat. If the jet sucks up seaweed, the engine

loses power until you remove the weeds. In the case of my

little boat, the way you do that is jump overboard, swim under

the boat and pull the weeds out of the intake grate. Then, you

clamber back aboard the boat and off you go.

Now

picture this: It's a beautiful Saturday in the Florida Keys.

The sun is out and there's not a cloud in the sky. The waters

are calm. I'm out by myself in my jet boat. A few times I have

to go overboard and clean out the weeds but, I don't think

anything about it. I go to a little island named Money Key on

the south side of the Seven Mile Bridge. I tie up my boat and

explore the island. I walk clear around it looking at little

fish, stone crabs and stuff.

I've

been out for hours and decide I'd better go home. I untie the

boat, start the engine and start mobilating back to the

marina. I'm going like a bat out of hell. Maybe 55 mph which

is really fast on the water. I'm running between the

old Seven Mile Bridge and the new one. The boat starts to lose

power. Shit. I've got weeds again. There's a very

strong current in this area between the bridges... so... I

head north away from the bridges and limp forward until I

think I'm far enough away to jump overboard and remove the

weeds. I tie a line around my waist, go overboard and under

the boat to remove the weeds.

But,

when I come up, I discover the current is so strong, the boat

has been pulled all the way back to the bridges. Whatever. No

problem. Except, when I turn the key, the engine won't turn

over. I figure it's a dead battery. I later learn it wasn't.

What happened was, a rope got sucked up into the jet intake

and froze the engine. By the way, do you know the difference

between a rope and a line? It's simple: A rope becomes a line

when it is attached to a boat. Untie it from the boat and take

it home with you and it's a plain ol' rope again.

Boaters

are insane.

Anyway,

now the current has taken me south of the bridges and is

pushing me with a vengeance out into the Atlantic Ocean. Not

to worry. I've got my trusty little 2-horse power "kicker" or

safety engine bracketed to the stern for just such

emergencies. But, guess what? It won't start either. It's

brand, damned new... and... it won't start!

By now,

I'm miles out at sea. I'm pondering my situation and I

happen to look over my shoulder. What had been a nice day is

not so nice any more. I'm looking at one the blackest

skies I've ever seen. The storm that followed those clouds has

become a minor legend here in the Keys. It appeared literally

out of nowhere and lashed the ocean and islands with all the

fury of a scorned woman.

There's

just a little juice left in my cell phone. I make a couple

calls and get the Coast Guard looking for me. They search for

a long time but they can't find me. You see, my boat is white

and, as I said, only 14 feet long... and... the whitecaps

breaking around me are bigger than the boat. The Coast Guard

asked me if I have a flare gun. I do with four flares.

I fire

up one into the air. They can't even see the flare. More

conversation. I tell them exactly where I am. Time goes by.

They ask

me to fire another flare. I do and they don't see this one

either. Meanwhile, I'm drifting farther and farther out to

sea. The waves are getting really big now and the water is

coming over the sides of my boat. I have a line attacked to

the boat and I tie it around my body. The boat has floatation

and I figure if it capsizes, my best chance of survival is to

stay with it.

After a

while, the Coast Guard is ready for me to fire my third flare.

I do and they don't see that one either. I'm now very worried.

I'm sitting in a tiny boat which is being battered by large

waves. I'm wearing an "el cheapo" life jacket. (It's the kind

you should use when you are water skiing in calm water...

not... to survive a vicious storm.) And, I've only got one

flare left.

Then,

I spot the Coast Guard boat!

They

can't see me but, I can see them. I tell them which direction

to point the bow of their boat and to look straight ahead and

watch for my flare. Then, I fire my very last one.

YAHOO! They see it!

Two boats race towards me. One is a cutter that tows my boat

in. The other is a big, honking Zodiac and I had to get off my

boat and onto that one right damn now! They snugged the

boats together, held them as tight as they could and I

rolled over my boat onto the deck of theirs.

Then

began the roughest boat ride of my life. I was holding onto

the center console with all my strength and we were hitting

the waves so hard, my feet were flying off the deck. Then came

a monster wave. We hit it so hard, I flew way up in the air

and when I came down, I smashed my left leg. They tell me to

stand up. I can't. I make the rest of that ride sitting on the

deck of a boat smashing through the turbulent water like Lee

Crull kicking ass in a bar full of bikers.

Finally,

it's over. We're at the Coast Guard station and we're safe.

Somehow, I manage to hobble off the Zodiac. They give me a

blanket to wrap myself in. My Aunt and Uncle are there to take

me home.

The

nightmare is over.

But,

little known to me, an even worse one is just beginning. I get

my leg checked out and it turns out it's not broken.

However, it's sprained so badly, they tell me it will be six

months to a year before it's back to normal.

Then,

two days later, I experience some horrible complications

associated with some medicine prescribed for me and I become

almost literally non-functional. What I had done was stop

taking the medicine because I figured I no longer needed it.

Well, when my trusty assistant, Theresa flew down to drive me

to a doctor, I learned you have to taper off that particular

medicine... and... quitting it abruptly as I did can cause

you... to die!

By the

way, that experience was worse than the boat

accident.

Now

we're up to just a few days ago and it has occurred to me I

have been very lucky lately and I need to start being even

more careful than I usually am. The brakes on my car are

giving me a little problem and I have been putting off having

them worked on. So, I say to myself, "Self, not paying

attention to stuff like this is what gets you in trouble. Go

get your brakes fixed right now!"

So I do.

Lo and

behold, the very next day after I get my brakes fixed,

the car ahead of me on the busiest section of U.S. 1 comes to

a complete stop... with... no brake lights! I hit the

brakes as hard as I can. If I hadn't had them fixed, I would

have "fishtailed" into the other (very busy) lane. As

it was, it was impossible to stop fast enough to avoid hitting

the car in front of me... so... I wrench the wheel hard to the

right and hurtle off the road and down the gully. Finally, I

come to a stop. I'm unhurt and my car isn't even scratched.

The guy in front of me gives me a blank look, starts his car

and takes off down the highway without even a backward glance.

I'm sure it didn't even occur to him to check to see if I was

OK.

Probably

from Miami.

All of

which brings me to my first important point. Now that I live

back down in the Keys, I have my old personal trainer back, a

small woman named Marilyn White who I affectionately refer to

as the "Nazi Bitch." She's easily the best trainer I've ever

had and she gets more out of me in a workout session three

times a week than I would've ever believed I had in me. She's

got me in such good shape and so strong most people who don't

know me guess me to be ten to twenty years younger than my

actual age.

I'm

absolutely convinced if it weren't for my working out, my leg

really would have been broken in that boating accident. As it

was, like I said earlier, when they examined my leg they said

it would be six months to a year until it would be OK. Well,

I'd say it's 90% OK already in just over three weeks. I give

credit to my workouts for that also.

And,

that near accident I had on U.S. 1? What if my reaction time

had been a split second slower? It could have been very bad. I

think working out helped in that situation also.

You

know, a few years ago, I was talking with a few of my friends

and we were pondering the age-old question of what we would do

if we had unlimited money. Homes in different cities. A boat

on each coast. Several cars. Money to charities and research

organizations we believed in. Every one of us also said,

"I'd get myself a personal trainer." Then it hit us.

That's something we can afford right now. I've had one

ever since. You can't believe the difference it will make in

your life. Get yourself a personal trainer, arrange to workout

first thing in the morning and you'll be stronger, fitter,

calmer, have more self-esteem, have much more of an "up"

outlook on life... and...

You Will

Make A Lot

More

Money!

You

know, whenever I write a newsletter like this, I always get a

few "bitch" letters. "I don't need to know this crap. I

want to know about sales letters, lead-generating ads,

copywriting tricks, mailing lists, etc."

But, I

nearly always get a few "rave" letters too. You know who those

come from? They come from the most successful of my

subscribers. The winners. People like Joe Sugarman, Ben

Suarez, Ted Nicholas, Joe Polish, Robert Allen and so on.

See,

these people know what it really takes to win and

that your #1 Priority needs to be...

Be A

Good Animal!

So, get

yourself a personal trainer. Don't you dare lie to me or

yourself and say you can't afford it. You can't afford

not to do it! And, with what's coming up with Y2K,

this is something that will be more important than ever.

More: If

you are on any kind of crucial prescription medication, start

now to stock up on a surplus supply. The last thing you want

if you are on some heart medication or the like is not to be

able to access your doctor. Remember, it is in the area of

health care where the really serious problems are likely to

arise. A temporary blackout and lack of electricity is an

inconvenience. Failure to get the medication or medical care

you need can be fatal!

What

else should you do? Many alarmists will tell you to stock up

on canned foods and water. It's not a bad idea. But, I

wouldn't go overboard if I were you. The world is not

going to fall apart; it's just going to stumble like a dead

drunk sailor for a while.

Does

your business depend on computers? If so, getageek to make

sure they are Y2K ready NOW! Listen: These guys (the

Millennium Bug Exterminators) are going to be so much in

demand later this year, you probably won't even be able to

hire one. Even if you can get one, if you wait much longer,

you're going to have to pay through the nose.

Next:

Get ready to bite the bullet. No matter what business you are

in, chances are excellent your sales are going to plummet.

Money is going to dry up and people are going to be afraid to

spend. Get rid of all buildings, equipment, employees and

expenses you can do without... and... do it soon. Look, the

entire globe is connected now. Any economic problem in any

country affects in some way... all other countries. A

business bankruptcy in Brazil will have consequences for a

hardware store in the Bronx. Turmoil in Kosovo affects folks

in Kansas. (Why are we fighting over there anyway?) Russian

poverty portends poorly for prosperity in Rhode Island.

Plus,

things are happening faster than ever now. There's a new book

called "Blur" which details the speed at which

everything is changing and has some valuable advice on how you

must adapt to this change. Check this out: It

took from 1896 to 1972 for the Dow Jones Industrial Average to

hit 1,000. That's 76 years.

It took

from 1972 to 1987 for the Dow to go up another 1,000 points to

over 2,000. That's 15 years.

It took

from 1987 to 1991 for the next 1,000 point jump to 3,000.

That's four years.

It took

from 1991 to 1995 to hit 4,000. That's also four years.

It took

from February of 1995 to November of 1995 to hit 5,000. That's

nine months!

It took

from November of 1995 to October of 1996 to hit 6,000. That's

11 months!

It took

from October of 1996 to February of 1997 to hit 7,000. That's

four months!

It took

from February of 1997 to July of 1997 to hit 8,000. That's

five months!

It took

from July of 1997 to April of 1998 to hit 9,000. That's nine

months!

It took

from April of 1998 to March of 1999 to hit 10,000. That's 11

months!

And, how

long did the last 1,000 point jump take? How long to go from

10,000 to 11,000?

Only 35

Days!

So,

lemme ask you something: When things start going bad, how fast

do you think it's going to happen? A hint: Last August,

investors lost 500 billion in 24 hours!

Should

you be fearful and morbid about all this? Not at all. It's

going to be exciting. For those who are ready, a whole new

world of opportunity is going to open up. I bet an investment

in gold bullion coins right now will increase in value by

500%, 1000% or more by sometime next January. I bet homes,

cars, boats and everything else under the sun will be for sale

at dirt-cheap prices next year. I bet those of you who are

fleet-footed enough to learn how to help all those poor souls

totally unprepared for Y2K will be able to make a

fortune.

But,

you've got to be lean, healthy, fit, mobile and liquid. Think

of yourself as an American soldier approaching a German farm

house in WWII. You don't know whether there's a young, horny

German farm girl or a Nazi sniper inside the house. But,

you've got condoms in your wallet and bullets in your weapon

so...

You're

Ready For Whatever

Comes

Out Of That House!

That's

how you should be thinking about this very real Y2K

problem that looms just over the horizon.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S. Next month, I'm going to reveal unto you a mail order secret

that will blow your socks off!

This month though, I felt compelled to tell you what you

really needed to know and, at least attempt to shake you out

of your state of "chronic denial."

I hope to some degree, I succeeded.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2002 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.