SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zfza_more_money_website.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:05
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter|Website Promotion

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend and Subscriber,

I am now going to write three words which, not

long ago, I would have almost bet my life I would never write

nor ever let come out of my mouth:

Bring Your Computer!

Can you believe it? I'm a guy who has a

reputation for throwing computers down elevator shafts and

into dumpsters. And, I believe my actions were correct when I

was behaving like this.

You see, I would ask an employee to give me the

Smith file. Instead of taking five seconds to open a metal

filing cabinet, grab the file and hand it to me, she would

spend 1-1/2 hours attempting to find that file which had been

impregnated (she said for efficiency reasons) somewhere

within a computer. This, admittedly, was in the dark days

before Windows.

Since then, I have been dragged kicking and

screaming into the computer age.

Subsequently, (but even before Windows) I've

watched an endless parade of "computer experts" selling books,

courses, seminars, etc. on the topic of how to make money on

the Internet.

In truth, none of these "experts" even

have a clue!

You see, every time a person visits your

website, it's called a "HIT." So, one of the big secrets the

experts promise to teach you is... how to get your website to

always be included in the top ten matches when someone uses a

search engine to look for something. These "experts" teach you

which "buzz words" and "catch phrases" are currently the most

frequent ones used on web searches.

It sickens me. Why? Because what they are

teaching you is, in effect,  how to get a lot of uninterested

people to visit your site.

Say someone is searching for raspberry jam and

your website "expert" has taught you how to "trick" that

person into visiting your website... although... your website

is all about model airplanes. It's another "HIT" for you to

chalk up and getting a lot of "HITS" means you will make a lot

of money, right? WRONG! Here's the real definition of

"HITS":

How Idiots Track Success!

Imagine HITS this way: Let's say you sell model

airplanes and some scam artist sells you on the idea of buying

an expensive billboard on I-95. He says you're gonna make a

bundle because... so many people will see your billboard.

Sure. They'll see it for a microsecond as they

whiz past it at     70 mph. Even then, only about 1 out of

every 500,000 will have any interest in model airplanes.

(Plus, none of them will have time to read your message

anyway.) Thus, all that money you spent on that expensive

billboard... which got you all those "HITS"... will be good

for absolutely nothing. Nothing except giving you a big

deduction when you file your taxes.

Here's something else these "experts" teach

you: How to purchase "banner ads" on other websites so you can

increase traffic to your website. Why do they do this? So

you can sell banner ads on your website. It's like

the blind leading the blind. It's an endless loop which

reminds me of the stupidity of multi-level marketing.

Are There Real Ways

To Make Money With

A Website?

Yes, Virginia, there are some real ways

to make money with a website. Here's a little-known fact about

me: I, myself, have owned several commercial websites...

every one of which... has made a quiet, spectacular

profit.

How did I do it? It's easy.

And, after much deliberation, I've finally

decided to let the cat out of the bag to a few (very few) of

my Subscribers.

How will I do this? I'm glad you asked. I'm

going to hold a seminar on the 27th, 28th and 29th of June in

Los Angeles where I will reveal all of my little-known secrets

of creating an extremely profitable website. In other

words, if you attend this seminar, I will show you...

How To Make More Money

With A Website Than

Any Sane Person Can

Possibly Spend!

At my seminar, I'm going to teach you by

showing you. I am now in the process of creating, what I

honestly believe will be, by the end of this year... the

most famous... and... one of the most profitable

websites on the entire Internet. My new website will be

launched on the first day of the seminar (June 27th). And,

guess what?

The front page will be projected on a large

screen (which will be in front of the attendees) throughout

the seminar.

Why? Because... that front page will have a

counter on it which will show how many people are visiting

my website in real time. At first, there will be only a

trickle. Then dozens. Then hundreds. Then thousands!

The numbers will increase and increase... until... millions...

perhaps even tens of millions are visiting the site... over

and over... on a regular basis.

Those people won't be people I have "tricked"

to visit my website by using buzz words or catch phrases to

get me listed on the top ten matches of some search engine.

Nope. All the people who visit my website will know

exactly what they will find there... and... a nice, hefty

percentage of them will end up paying me thousands upon

thousands of dollars to purchase what is being marketed on

that website because...

I Will Be Promoting It By Using

A New (And Super Effective) Method...

Nobody Has Ever Used Before!

But, I'm not the only person who knows new ways

to promote a website. Here's part of a letter I recently

received:

Gary,

I am a long time follower of your newsletters

and other products. I have used what you have taught me and

created several business' on the internet that are currently

bringing in over 1.5 million dollars a year.

I started MTrader.com, Realitytrader.com as

well as several others. They are online daytrading and

SwingTrading chatrooms where we charge members 200.00 dollars

per month to learn and benefit from realtime stock pick calls

in the daytrading arena. We have migrated to offer CD ROM's,

Online Universities, Stock Scanning Software packages, Tape

series, etc.... We are currently in negotiations to sell

MTrade for upwards of 1.5 million dollars.

We have been featured in numerous media

publications and forums such as: CNNFN, CNBC, BusinessWeek,

TheStreet.com, Active Trader Magazine, LA Times, AP News,

Investors Business Daily, USA Today, Business News Network

Syndicated Radio, YAHOO finance Vision, Sage Online Chat,

Radio Wallstreet.com, OnlineTrading Expo speaker, Speaking

engagements at additional Expos and Seminars, Numerous Finance

Radio talk stations, numerous local and national newspapers,

Home Business Connection and more.

The point is, we are a force to be reckoned with in the

industry. I took three relatively unknown traders and

made them into the "perceived" experts in the

field that media is constantly after. There are tons of

online chatrooms centered around trading, but they come

and go in droves. Nobody has the key to the market,

operate and promote these types of business'. I do, and

I took what I learned from you, Jay and many others and

adapted it to fit the ever changing environment of

Internet Marketing. Where others fail, I succeed.

I have developed a "cookie cutter" type

methodology to start, promote and profitably run these

types of business'.

I specialize in starting these business' with a very low

start up cost. I started MTrader.com with less than 500

dollars and built it into a 3/4 of a million dollar

business, at almost NO expenses.

I believe I have the correct formula for this.

I am not approaching you to get you into this type of business

with me, but, my passion is with marketing. I have always

wanted to work with you and thought this might be a good

opportunity. Do you have any interest in joining me in a joint

venture, creating some product that teaches others to do

exactly what I have done?

I am NOT interested in creating a product that

is like the Internet Marketing trash on the net. What I am

talking about is taking apart, piece by piece what I have

done, by someone who is CURRENTLY doing it, THAT WORKS.

Lay out exactly what I did right, and wrong

What is currently working and what is not

How the link between PR and ebusiness is crucial

How to start up these internet chats, get the name out, get

the order, get the repeat order

Stay legal

Find out exactly what your competition is doing with a simple

trick and software package that is free

Why banners don't work, except one

How I sold one banner ad for 120K per year

How I worked a deal worth 18K per month with a broker and he

thanked me for it

Why you should offer a daily email for free

How to capture and create your most valuable asset, your

mailing list from every visitor who clicks your page

How I captured the biggest 5 competitors customer list in two

days, over the weekend (legal and they thanked me for it)

How one simple phone call allowed me to find out exact

marketing plans from 6 of my largest competitors

How I am in the process of selling one business for over 1.5

million dollars

How to get free advertising on the net

How an affiliate program is your most powerful marketing tool

Do it yourself PR with phenomenal results

Chatroom, how to set up, run and profit from them

I have a list of HOOKS that are phenomenal for

any marketing campaign. And you can imagine the follow on

products and sales from an initial lead product.

The list goes on and on. While the other

dot.coms are flaming out, my projects are rising stars. Should

you not be interested in working together, thanks anyway for

all you have taught me. My family and I appreciate it. Can you

let me know either way?

Please drop me an email with a contact number

or email where we can continue our talks if you are interested

in this.

Respectfully,

Jeff Tappan

Wow! Was that a bitch of a letter or what? I

called Jeff as soon as I read it... and.. the story got even

more exciting! You see, Jeff Tappan is in the Navy. He heads

up a squadron of helicopter pilots... which means...

He Made His Millions Working Part-Time!

He's going to be at my seminar and I'm giving

him an entire day to tell you all his secrets. He's promised

to totally spill his guts. He'll reveal everything he

talked about in his letter to me... plus... much, much more.

After he finishes his presentation, we'll have

an uninhibited question and answer session where the attendees

can ask him any questions whatsoever.

The following day, I'll be taking the stage. By

that time, the number of visits to my website will be

skyrocketing. It's at this point I'll reveal in exact

detail how I created... and more importantly... how I promoted

my website. I guarantee... it will stun you!

Next, I'm going to create a website for every

attendee at the seminar which...

Will Be Up And Running

Before The Seminar Is Over!

I'll have some help with this. My son, Kevin,

is the top digital imaging expert in Los Angeles. He's truly

an "Alpha Geek." When the famous comedian, Sinbad, did his

special TV and Internet event from Aruba, he hired Kevin to go

with him as "insurance" just in case anything went wrong.

Also, my other son, Bond, and my "road dog"

buddy, Scott "Mongo" Haines who are not "Alpha

Geeks"... but... who are computer savvy... will "translate"

what the geeks are saying into plain English. They will do

this so the rest of us "normals" can understand this vital

information and put it to work.

But wait! What if you don't have a product to

sell or a website? Well, there's one type of product which is

perfect for selling on the web... and... there will be

a surprise "mystery" guest speaker to teach you how to create

your own truly "killer" website product...

In Just 14 Days...

Or Less!

Now, let's get to the best part of all:

Remember how last month's issue of my newsletter showed me

with all those celebrities? Want to know what I charged in

L.A. for my copywriting services? A mere $30,000.00 up front

(in advance)... plus... 5% of all gross sales!

The client was happy to pay that fee and, so

far, they've gotten 1,000 times their money's worth. What's

that have to do with the seminar? Again, I'm glad you asked.

My seminar price includes you receiving one full-blown

promotion... written by me... with no

5% of gross sales ever added to the price! Listen...

If You Are Going To Only One

Seminar During The Rest Of Your Life...

This Is The One You Must Attend!

Now, I'm going to break some hearts.

You see, I'm determined to make this

seminar the kind I've always wanted to do. It will be a

"Players Only" seminar... and... it will be the most expensive

seminar I've ever put on. Not only that, you can't pay

with a credit card. You've got to pay by check... and...

you've got to pay early. Plus, I want to talk with you

one-on-one via the phone before I agree to allow you to

attend.

I could charge a much lower price, get more

people to attend and  end up making much more money. But, the

truth is, at this time, I'd rather give a seminar for 3

real players... than... 300 starry-eyed  "wanna-be's."

If you want to come, it's gonna cost you a

staggering $11,970... and... I realize 99% of my Subscribers

can't afford to pay such an outrageous amount. I'm sorry about

that. I truly am. But damnit, this time I want do a

seminar where... every person in the room... is a

dyed-in-the-wool certified player... and... is already

a winner!

One more thing: Nobody gets to come to

this seminar for free. There will be no "comps" whatsoever.

And, right here and now, I want to write something which will

prevent a certain type of letter and phone call or fax. The

messages I don't want to deal with usually say something like

this:

"Gary, my name is Dickhead Jones and I've been

running a profitable website [which is a lie] for ten years.

If you'll let me come to your seminar comp'd for free, I'll be

glad to take a couple of hours and teach what I have learned

to all your attendees."

The answer is NO! NO! NO! Is there anything

about "NO" you don't understand? NO! Just plain, ol' NO!

Let me tell you something: I don't care how

much you "think" you know about creating a profitable

website... because...

You Don't Know Shit

Compared To What

Each Attendee At My Seminar

Is Going To Learn!

You want to come... you gotta pay.

Period.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"Modest, Quiet, And

Soft-Spoken To The Core"

P.S.

There is one extra thing about this

dealybop which, if you are thinking about coming, might

lighten your load a little...

All Paid Attendees Can

Bring One Extra Person...

At No Extra Cost!

So, if you truly are interested... and... you truly are a

player... then please call my office at 1-305-534-7577 and leave a

message for Sally. Tell her the best times I can return your call to

give you the details, answer any questions you may have... and... I

can verify you're the type of player who will benefit from attending.

Of course, you'll also have to leave your name and telephone number.

If you have access to a fax machine, that'll speed up my response time

to you. All you have to do is fax  me at 1-352-861-1665

with your name, telephone number and the best times for me to return

your call.

That's all folks.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2002 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.