SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zfzz_grout_sponge.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:09
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend &

Subscriber,

See the date (above) of this newsletter?

Guess what? That date is a flat-out lie.

That's the date this letter should have been written.

It wasn't. I didn't get this newsletter out in time because I

have a new "hobby" that occupies an enormous amount of my

time. My new hobby really sucks. You know what it is?

My New Hobby Is Moving!

Remember Hurricane Irene? You probably don't

unless you live in South Florida. The truth is, most of us

just flat out don't give a shit about anything that happens

outside our immediate geographical area... unless, of

course... that event somehow affects us personally or

business-wise. Ah, whatever. Anyway, Irene was one of the last

hurricanes of the 1999 season (she popped up in the middle of

October) and wasn't even supposed to hit the Keys at all. Not

only that, nobody much cared because Irene was only a Category

One hurricane which is as low as you can get on the "hurricane

meanness" scale. Category One hurricanes get "minimal" wind

speeds from 74 to 95 miles per hour.

I go to bed not even thinking about Irene.

Well, the forecasters mispredicted (I think I just invented a

new word) the track she was going to take and she made a

bull's-eye directly on the house in which I was living. I

lived in the bottom half of the house and, at the time, my

aunt and uncle lived in the top half.

Category One. No big deal. Except somehow,

everybody forgot it is the water damage from a hurricane which

wreaks the most havoc. Those high wind speeds make the most

dramatic video bites for the TV news casters... but... it is

the amount of water the hurricane dumps on the land which

mostly determines the extent of the damage.

Guess what? Irene dumped 13 to 16 inches per

day on some parts (including my part) of Florida. When

I woke up, much of the stuff in my apartment was floating.

The property on which we were living literally turned into

"Lake Halbert." My Aunt Wanda actually took photos of me

paddling my poke boat in the driveway and all around the lawn.

Bottom-line: The damage was so extensive, I

had to move. At the time, I had a little office I really

didn't need. I just had to have a place to go so I

could get out of the house once in a while when my uncle was

sick. My little "getaway" was next to the gym where I worked

out, thus, I decided it was as good a place as any to move

into.

Damn, did that ever suck! The master

thermostat to set the temperature for all the units was

located in my office... but... I wasn't allowed to operate it.

For whatever bizarre reason, I was always freezing my ass

off... or... about to expire from heat exhaustion.

Not only that, the walls were all of about

1/4" thick so I could hear everything going on in the gym...

including... a bunch of porker women yelling their way through

an aerobic class at all hours of the day and night...

including... the hours before sunrise.

Plus, the roof leaked.

Seriously leaked.

Thus, I decide to move a bit further up the

road to a nice place called the Pelican Motel. I end up living

there for more than three months. Clean, neat and basic. All

is well... except... I had to learn to do what I later termed

"The Pelican Shuffle." In other words, once, twice, or maybe

even thrice a week...

I Had To Move

To Another Room!

Once I had to move from Unit 4 to Unit 5. Know

what the difference is between Unit 4 and Unit 5? NOTHING!

Almost all the rooms are clones of each other. Apparently, the

"Pelican Regulars" (snowbirds who come to the hotel year after

year during the winter season) often insist on having

their exact same room every time.

Now picture this in your mind: Let's say

you've got a Dayrunner calendar where you keep track of all

the stuff you gotta do... and... two or three days of every

week, the first thing you gotta do on those days is...

Move!

Do you have any idea how much moving sucks?

Even if you only have to move across the hall?

It's a nightmare. But, the nightmare

eventually ends because... TA DA!... the houseboat I bought in

Cocoa Beach is finally moved to Peg Leg's Marine Center...

and... I am able to move aboard.

Yahoo! I am finally living in my home.

But, I want my new home to be spiffier than it is. I want

solid oak floors on the entire interior of the boat. I want

the boat painted "my colors" (peach and teal) and a zillion

other things done. The marina hires guys to do this stuff for

me...

While I'm Living

On The Boat!

Have you ever decided to live in a house at

the same time it is being remodeled? Trust me, you won't do it

twice. If you ever even think about doing it, rent the movie

"Money Pit" starring Tom Hanks.

I learned all kinds of new stuff while my boat

was being remodeled. Like what a "floor leveler" is. Just in

case you're like me and had no idea such a thing existed,

here's what it is: Let's say you have a floor made of

something other than wood... but... you want the floor

to be wood. In that case, some chain-smoking construction

worker who hasn't bathed in a month will use a tool (called a

"level") to check out the levelness (what else?) of your

pre-existing floor and discover if it is 100% level or not. He

does this because he wants the original floor to be level

before he puts down your new wooden floor. If it's not 100%

level, he takes a grey putty-like substance ("floor leveler")

and smears it on the unlevel parts of your floor and forms and

shapes it till his device says your floor is level.

How did I, Sir Gary of Halbert learn about

floor leveler? Well, one night it is time for me to go nighty-night.

There is dim lighting coming from my bedroom and, I see no

need to turn more lights on. Because floor leveler goo is

greyish, it doesn't reflect much light. Thus, I learn what

floor leveler is the hard way...

I Step In It!

Now listen up. Floor leveler has to lay around

and harden (just like concrete) before you can put your wooden

flooring on it. Who knew? As I just told you, I stepped in

this big, grey blob of something resembling powdery grey cat

shit which I proceed to track all over my houseboat. The next

day, the construction workers yell and howl and laugh at me.

"I'm a copywriter!" I yell back. "How the hell am I

supposed to know about stuff like floor leveler?! Can any of

you assholes do a mathematical, demographic regression

analysis on a marketing campaign?"

Well, I dare say THAT shut them up.

Onward. Have you ever been in a "Home Depot"

store? They've got so much weird shit in those HUGE stores,

it's like shopping on Mars. But, Home Depot has saved my soul.

They have illuminated for me, the missing spiritual chunk of

my life needed to make me happy, fulfilled and at peace.

Believe it or not, Home Depot taught me this lesson in only

four words. Yessirreebob, they got a sign in there which

completely straightened me out. Here's what it says:

Don't Forget

Grout Sponge!

Do you know how often I have forgotten grout

sponge? Actually, I have forgotten it (until now) every single

day of my life. That's why I am convinced it was the major

reason things had often gone badly for me. Can you even

imagine trying to have a halfway decent day during a 24-hour

period...

When You Have Completely

Forgotten Grout Sponge?

I think it's probably impossible.

I still don't know what "grout sponge" is

(please don't tell me and take the mystery out of it) but, I

never forget it anymore. Besides, now that grout sponge

is never far from my consciousness, I sense my life is

beginning to improve.

My houseboat is very livable now. In fact,

it's a great place to live. Even so, I took it to a boat yard

where they are pulling it out of the water to scrape and paint

the bottom. The boat yard is also repowering it with brand new

engines. They say this will take about 30 days. Translation:

It will take 60 to 90 days. They say it will cost about

$25,000. Translation: It will cost $50,000 to $75,000.

Where do I live now? I'll have to learn how to

use my GPSR (Global Positioning Satellite Receiver) to find

out. This is a little gizmo which tells me (if I could figure

out how to use it) what my exact geographic location happens

to be.

I've decided to travel while my home is being

worked on. I just came back from spending a few days with Joe

Polish. He has a new house. He thinks his house is great.

Actually, it is as mediocre as Peter Louis. With minor (almost

indistinguishable) differences, it looks like every other

house on his street... which were... of course all built by

the same builder. Being the "King of Carpet Cleaners" his

floors are naturally made out of...

CONCRETE!

Concrete which is painted a variety of goofy

colors which has a magnetic attraction for every kind of dust

and dirt found in all of Phoenix. Joe also has a new Jaguar

bought for him by Bill Phillips of EAS. Bill bought Joe the

car because... even though Joe gave Bill most of the better

ideas used to promote Bill's book ("Body of Life")... Bill

didn't give Joe any of the credit whatsoever. Bill didn't have

the balls to talk with Joe in person about that subject so, he

bought him the car. Joe likes the car but, if you'd paint that

sucker red, it would look almost exactly like an $83,000 Miata.

Since he drives the car in Phoenix, the door

handles get so damn hot, you have to hold a rag in your hands

to open the doors to avoid getting a first degree burn.

Speaking of Phoenix, why the hell does this

city exist anyway? Can you imagine 150 years ago, some guy and

his wife riding across the country looking for a place to

live, they come to the Phoenix area... the guy looks at his

wife and says...

"Honey, Let's Settle

Right Here!"

"Oh, gosh yes!" his wife immediately

replies. "It's 130 degrees, there's no water, no trees, no

vegetation and, the Indians have mostly all died because sun

tan lotion hasn't been invented yet."

They settle there and live in caves during the

day to escape the heat, procreate at night and, their fourth

of fifth generation progeny have all purchased "Starbucks"

franchises and constantly consult Fengshui experts to help

them adjust the energy flow of their environments.

You know what else? While I was visiting Joe,

I gave him what may actually be the most profitable marketing

idea of his pathetic life.

Because I have no home, in less than one day

from the time I finish writing this newsletter, I am flying to

New Jersey to help Nate Aventino and the people she works with

create a couple of "killer" promotions.

You know what I've decided to do next? I'm

going to put on a seminar. You know what it's going to be

about? Well, I don't know either. I'm going to call it...

"Gary Halbert's

'No Agenda' Seminar!"

Got questions about copywriting? Then I'll

talk about copywriting and answer your questions the best I

can.

Want to know something about the stock market?

Ask me and I'll reveal shit you never even dreamed about.

Plus, my son Bond will disclose even more.

Got Internet questions? I bet I can (with the

help and expertise of my attendees) give you answers which

will knock your socks off.

Want to know where the really hot chicks are

in Rio? We'll stick ear plugs in the ears of all the ladies at

my seminar, and I will lay some truly scorching info upon you.

What I want this seminar to be is...

The World's Ultimate

Brainstorming Seminar!

You're gonna have to pay to come though. But

not too much. I'm gonna keep it cheap because I want a lot of

people there.

When is this seminar going to be held?

Soon!

Exactly when? I don't know. I'm leaving that

all up to Theresa. Where are we going to have it? I'm leaving

that up to Theresa also. Exactly how much is it going to cost

you to attend? I'm leaving that up to her too.

Why am I doing it this way? I have to. I'm too

busy moving to do anything else.

What should you do if you want to come? Well,

since Theresa doesn't even know about this yet, she'll need a

few days to start making arrangements. In the meantime, if you

really want to attend, you have to call...

(305) 534-7577

You'll get Theresa's voicemail and, after the

beep, you've got to leave a message something like,

"Theresa, this is John Q. Everett (or whatever your name is).

I am interested in coming to Gary's 'No Agenda' seminar.

Please give me all the details." Then be sure to leave

your phone and fax numbers, your e-mail address and, your

real address. I don't know how she'll choose to respond to

these calls but, I want her to have every available option.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"Homeless"

P.S.

Are you pissed off at me for writing this

newsletter instead of the one about copywriting I was supposed

to write? Well, guess what? I don't care. After all the moving

and relocating and traveling I've done recently...

That's Not

What I

Felt Like Writing About!

Instead, I felt like ranting... and... the

truth is, I never liked you very much anyway.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.