SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/newsletters/zgkj_blue_books.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:40
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

W-A-Y West of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Before I get cranked up on this month's main

subject, I want to discuss a few items of interest. First of

all, when I sent a copy of my seminar ad with last month's

newsletter, I did so because I wanted to illustrate how a

copywriter ought to be able to write an ad to promote his

services.

Well, as it turns out, a number of my

subscribers were a little miffed at me because they wanted to go

to the seminar and I didn't give them enough warning. I'm

sorry about that; I guess I just wasn't thinking. However,

this month (on the 23rd) I'm giving another seminar and this

time it's at the Century Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles. I'd love

to see you there. If you are interested, you can read my new

ad (enclosed) which is appearing in the Los Angeles Times.

But, if you want to register, please don't

delay. The room only seats 130 and it's going to fill up in a

flash.

Next, I want to talk a moment about how you

can profit (maybe) from cable TV at no risk whatsoever. I'm

doing a lot of cable work now (two shows on the air, two in

the can, and one more scheduled for shooting) and I'm looking

for new ideas. Many of you, I suspect have direct mail or

space promotions that could be easily adapted to TV. If so,

I'd like to talk to YOU. Do your marketing efforts have what

Sir Gary calls the "Three S's" needed for cable success?"

"S"

#1:

A

Star: someone who is an authority on what you are

selling.

"S"

#2:

A

Story: something we can talk about in a TV

interview.

"S"

#3:

A

Solution: This is the most important "S" of

all.  Does your product or service solve a

problem such as poverty, hemorrhoids, obesity,

boredom, hunger or the need to be rich and famous?

Are you marketing something that has all these

elements? If so, give me a call because I might be able to

line you up with a cable show with NO investment on your part.

That'd be nice, wouldn't it?

Thirdly, do any of you happen to know how

someone with a new mail order business can get a merchant

account for MasterCard, Visa and American Express? If you do

know, I'd really appreciate if you would share that info with

me.

Fourthly and finally, I have never, in all my

years of of writing, received such an enthusiastic response as

I have from those of you who've read the BORON

LETTERS.

Thank you very much.

So, now that I've got all that out of the way,

let's get cooking. This month's issue is going to be special.

Here is why. More than 60 years ago, a man named E. Haldeman-Julius

conducted the most fascinating and large-scale market research

program I've ever heard about. Are you familiar with Haldeman-Julius?

He's the guy who published the world famous Little

Blue Books.

What's that? You've never heard of the Little Blue Books? What are you anyway, just a young kid? You say

you're wondering what a publishing venture you've never even

heard about can teach you about marketing?

Plenty. The story of the Little

Blue Books offers up a treasure trove of marketing

insights that is pure gold. Here are the details: Once upon a

time, way back in the 1920's, the Little

Blue Books were born. They were, all in all, a collection

of some 2,000 titles. All the books had a blue cover and

measured 3-1/2 by 5 inches. Most often they contained 64

pages, although sometimes they went up to 128 pages. The

content of the Little Blue Books was wide and varied. They covered everything from

Shakespeare to the Debate

on Birth Control. Many of them were self-help books of the

"How To" genre. They were sold in large ads that

appeared in many of the major newspapers and other

publications such as Colliers

and the Saturday

Evening Post. They sold for a nickel (5 cents) and you had

to buy at least 20 of them with every order.

Now listen: Do you remember when Playboy magazine first hit the newsstands? Remember the technique of

how to buy it? Remember how you'd go to a newsstand and grab

copies of Life and Look and maybe the National

Geographic and a couple of others and then

you'd pick up a Playboy

and hide it in the middle of all those others when you went up

to the cash register?

You do remember all that? Geez, time sure

passes, doesn't it? Well, since a person had

to buy 20 Little Blue

Books at a time, that meant he could anonymously sandwich

in an order for what he really wanted to read or learn about with all that stuff society was

telling him he was supposed

to be interested in.

To say that the Little

Blue Books sold well would be somewhat of an

understatement. How many of them were sold? I'm glad you asked

because the answer is.....

More Than 100 Million!

And listen to this: After Haldeman-Julius had

sold over 100 million of these little books, then he wrote a

book titled The First Hundred Million to tell what he had

learned from this publishing venture. His statistics are

amazing. They reveal exactly what interested the American

public in the 1920s and in exactly what relative proportions.

And you know what? Those statistics are dead on target today!

What subject was the American public most

willing to pay and read about in the 1920's? The same one

they're most willing to pay to read about today.

Sex.

Indeed, The

First Hundred Million is a book that contains a precise

and valid statistical measurement of America's inner most

needs and greeds. So why didn't I mention it in last month's

newsletter when I listed the greatest marketing books of all

time? Simply because I didn't have a copy of it and I wasn't

sure it was obtainable. Those others that are out-of-print are

hard to find but, with a little effort, they are at least

gettable. So anyway, what happens is a good friend and

long-time client of mine, Brian Smith and his trusty helper

Amy, found a copy of Haldeman-Julius' book and Xeroxed it for

me!

Thank You! Thank You! Thank You!

And now, without further adieu, I am simply

going to extract for you some data from this wonderful book.

Haldeman-Julius sold 20,700,000 Little Blue Books in 1927.

Many of then were about sex. Let's see what we can learn from

his annual sales figures for that year. Hmn? A book titled The

Art of Kissing sold 60,500 copies, yet one titled The

Art Of Courtship sold only 17,500 copies. What

Married Women Should Know (a euphemistic titled that

Haldeman-Julius really wanted to call Sex

Facts For Married Women) sold 112,000 copies while What

Married Men Should Know sold 97,500 copies. Women's

Sexual Life sold 97,500 copies, Man's

Sexual Life sold 54,000 copies. Confidential

Chats With Wives sold 52,000 copies, while Confidential Chats With Husbands sold only 29,500 copies.

Hmn? I guess a woman's sexual revelations have

much more commercial appeal than a man's, don't they?

Hah! Here's something. It seems that Modern Aspect of Birth Control appealed to 73,000 readers,

while Debate on Birth

Control appealed only to 27,000.

I guess they didn't want to hear all the

arguments, they just wanted to know how to do it.

Ah, but let's go for what they really

wanted to read. Check out this

figure: Prostitution

in the Modern World - 129,500 copies!

As opposed to The

Evolution of Marriage which sold only 20,000 copies.

Here's a strange one. Love

Letters of a Portuguese Nun sold 46,000 copies, while How to Write Love Letters sold only 23,000 copies.

And Facts

About Venereal Disease sold 41,500 copies as opposed

to the more specific Facts

About Syphilis which sold only 36,000.

O.K. that's enough sex for this month. Let's

move on to the area of self-education. Just look at this

difference: How to

Improve Your Conversation sold 77,000 copies yet The

Romance of Words only 10,500. Hmn? Hints

in Public Speaking sold 46,500 copies, How

to Write Advertising 20,000 copies, How

to Write Book Reviews only 8,000 copies. How to Psycho-Analyze Yourself sold 43,000 while another

titled How I

Psycho-Analyzed Myself only 13,500. More numbers: How

to Fight Nervous Troubles 39,000, Facts

About Will Power 38,500, Your

Memory and How to Improve It 37,000 copies, Your

Talent and How to Develop It 35,500, Psychology

of Leadership 32,000, How

to Think Logically 30,500, Psychology

of Character Building 29,000, The

Conquest of Fear 27,500 and Psychology

of Laughter 14,000.

Here's an illuminating statistic: How to Break Bad Habits sold 29,000 copies as opposed to How

to Form Good Habits which sold only 20,000.

And another: Care

of Skin and Hair sold 52,000, yet How

to Take Care of Your Mouth and Teeth

only 8,000.

What foreign languages do Americans want to

learn most? Here they are in rank order:

Spanish

Self-Taught

French

Self-Taught

German

Self-Taught

Italian

Self-Taught

Esperanto

Self-Taught

Latin

Self-Taught

47,000

46,500

27,500

21,500

17,000

10,500

What do we like to eat? Or, more precisely,

what do we like to cook? How

to Make All Kinds of Candy sold 45,000 copies, How

to Make Pies and Pastries 29,000, How

to Cook Fish and Meats 21,500 and, dead last, was French

Cooking for Amateurs at 9,500.

The demand for info on proper manners always

astonishes me. Back in 1927, the Little

Blue Book titled Hints

on Etiquette sold 72,000 copies! Less surprising, at

least to me, is that Party Games for Grown-Ups sold 46,500.

What ethnic groups do we like to make fun of?

Here in rank order are the stats:

Best

Jewish Jokes

Best Negro

Jokes

Best Irish

Jokes

Best Scotch

Jokes

Best American

Jokes

43,000

37,500

37,000

34,500

16,000

and, dead last,

Best

Yankee Jokes with sales of 16,000 copies.

What of the

professions? These figures tell a story:

Best

Jokes About Doctors

About Preachers

About Lawyers

25,000

23,000

21,000

Listen: I'm not going to give you the figures on poetry and

the classics because my space is limited here and I doubt those marketing

stats will have much practical value to many of you. The same is true of books

of proverbs, fiction, plays, the classics, etc.

What is super instructive, however, is the chapter called THE

HOSPITAL which is subtitled How Little Blue Books Are Given New Zest by

New Titles!

Consider: When Gautier's

Fleece of Gold was changed to The

Quest for a Blonde Mistress, sales jumped from 6,000 to 50,000! When

the title of Oscar Wilde's Pen,

Pencil and Poison was changed to The

Story of a Notorious Criminal, sales more than tripled! The book Patent Medicine did poorly. Yet, when changed to The

Truth About Patent Medicine, sales more

than tripled! Arthur Schopenhauer's Art

of Controversy didn't do squat until retitled as How

to Argue Logically when, thereupon, it enjoyed sales of 30,000 per

year.

You already know what happened when Thomas De Quincey's Essay

on Conversation was changed to How

to Improve Your Conversation - but do you know why?

Of course you do. And I bet you can also guess where Sir Gary

of Halbert, the Ace of Space, Prince of Print, and all round bon vivant got

many of his "killer" headline ideas!

Here's a suggestion only the most dedicated (driven) among you

will take to heart. Go read a copy of THE

FIRST HUNDRED MILLION! You can find it in the Library of Congress and, I

think, the Metropolitan Library in Manhattan. It contains much more value than I can extract for you here in these eight pages.

Nothing like it has ever been written. It

is where I learned my magic words. The

ones that make my copy sizzle and my headlines impossible to ignore. Magic

words like these:

How To

The Art Of

A Little Secret That

The Truth About

The Facts About

The History Of

The Story Of

The Key To

and many, many more.

I love this book! It

contains actual costs and result figures from the N.Y. Times Book Review, N.Y.

Daily News, Life, Chicago Tribune, The Saturday Review and others with dates

run, size of ads and everything.

Wouldn't it be fun to get the 9/26/23 issue of Life

and see Haldeman-Julius' full page ad which cost $650 and pulled in $1215.23?

Hot damn! I think I know where I can get it!

I'm gone.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

AKA "He who

once again

forgot

to submit material

for

the Golden Mailbox         Awards"

P.S.

I

would be more than happy to give a full lifetime

subscription to the Gary

Halbert Letter to anyone who can get for me (or

even tell me where to buy) my very own copy of THE

FIRST HUNDRED MILLION!

P.P.S.

I'm

always interested in numbers from headline tests,

price test, etc. If you have any test results you'd be willing to share with my other

subscribers, please give me a call. Thanks.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.