SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zgkk_contests_and_sweepstakes.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:26
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

W-A-Y West of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

And so it came to pass that I, Sir Gary of

Halbert, the amazing Prince of Print, began to wonder,

"How best can I help my subscribers this month? What

could I do that would help them fill their greedy coffers with

huge wads of money which they all seem to be so uncommonly

fond?"

Hmn? I've already been teaching them how to

make it, fake it, steal it, and wheel and deal it.... what's

left? I know! I know! Maybe this month I can help them to....

Win A Fortune!

And, to that end, I am sending you with this

letter a brand new genuine (and, as yet, unused)

California lottery ticket. Now, what you've got to do is this:

You've got to pick up the ticket and place it on your desk,

and then rub off the carbon with a coin or perhaps one of your

car keys and see if you have won.

But wait! Don't do it till you've finished

reading this letter!

You see, this truly should be the second most

exciting event of your day because, when you rub off the

carbon, you may find you have already won an instant $5,000 plus

you may go on to win the "Big Spin" and literally

rake in millions.

Zowie! This is pulse-pounding stuff, ain't it?

But wait a minute; why did I say this would be the second

most exciting event of your day? Why not the first?

The answer, as copywriters like to say, is

simple. You see, whether or not you win the California

Lottery, you are definitely going to win with this newsletter

because you are about to learn....

How To Cash In Big

By Using Contests and Sweepstakes

To Hype Your Promotions!

If you are especially alert, you may have

already gleaned a big secret on how to make contest more

powerful. Did you catch it? Fear not, I'll reveal what I've

already revealed in a more obvious way in just a few minutes.

But first, a story. Once upon a time, there was a man named

Thomas Hall who was the head of a crew of guys who were

selling vacuum cleaners somewhere in Texas. Anyhow, somewhere

along the line he got the idea of renting a booth at a county

fair and holding a drawing for folks who wanted to win a free

vacuum cleaner.

And so he did. And, after he had collected all

the entries, he went ahead with the drawing and gave away the

free vacuum cleaner to the winner.

But he didn't stop there. No, Sir. What he did

next was he wrote a personal letter to all the other people

(who didn't win the vacuum

cleaner) and told them they had won a very valuable second

prize. And what was this valuable second prize? Simply this:

It was the prize of being able to come to his place of

business and buy a vacuum cleaner minus

the rather substantial commission that was normally paid to

his door-to-door salesmen.

It worked like crazy. People were lined up

around the block outside his little store just waiting to come

in and snag one of those vacuum cleaners at an honest and

sizable discount.

Why did this work so well? Actually, there are

a couple of reasons. First of all....

People Do Not Enter

A Contest To Win Something

They Do Not Want!

Therefore, as a general rule, a construction

worker will not enter a contest to win a knitting machine nor,

by the same token, will a housewife enter a contest to win a

steam shovel. This is a very important item of information. What it tells you is that

everybody who enters a contest to win a certain item is an

excellent candidate to buy

that item. In other words, sponsoring a contest is a super

duper way to build a responsive mailing list.

O.K., now what is that big secret that has already been

"partially exposed" at the beginning of this letter?

It is this: It is the idea of writing to a person and telling

him...

You May Have Already Won!

Here's a quirk of human nature, the

understanding of which can immeasurably

improve the pull of your ads and letters:

People Will Work Harder

To Keep What They've Already Got

Than They Will To Get Something

They Don't Already Have!

Take a guy who works at a ho-hum job for seven

bucks an hour. Hold out a carrot to this guy in the form of a

seminar or correspondence course that will teach him how to double

his income and you will find you have a very

hard time trying to convince him. On the other hand, that

same guy will scurry around like a pit bull after a cocker

spaniel to prevent having his pay docked as much as 50

cents per hour!

Now, you wanna know something you can say

that's even stronger than "You may have already

won"? It's this:

"You Have

Already Won!"

But don't say it if it ain't so. However, if

you can figure a legit way

to send that message, you can make a fortune. Like so: Let's

say you've got a mailing list of 1,000,000 names and you

instruct your computer to randomly select 5,000 of those names

who will, by virtue of having been selected, have

"won" whatever prize it is you are giving away.

Next, what you do is write these people and tell them

about how they have already

won and what they must do to claim their prize. Note: Do not,

under any guise, tell them that what they have to do to claim

their prize is send you money or buy something.

No. No. No. No. You mustn't do this. Uncle

will be watching and he'll get very mad at you if you try to

pull this kind of

shenanigan. However, it shouldn't hurt if you give your prize

winner the option of

buying something from you, now should it?

But what if you've got a local operation and

you don't do business on a national scale? How then, can you

use this "You have won" idea? Not to worry. All you

need to do is write your "winning customers" (those

whose name you drew out of a hat) and tell them about their

prize and that all they have to do to claim their prize is come

in and pick it up!

Are you paying attention? I hope so because we

are now homing in on a concept that is so obvious that it may

have plumb evaded you. And, it's simply this:

Every Person

Who Walks Through Your Door

Is Worth X Amount Of Dollars To You!

For example, let's say your retail business

did half a mil in business last year. And, let us say further

that that little bing-bong device that goes off every time

your door is opened went off 5,000 times last year (about 16

times per day). Well, what that means, my friend, is that it's

worth $100.00....

Every Time Your Door Opens!

Which means, of course, you want that little

bing-bong device to be going off constantly.

Yea verily, let us now strive to make that door open 100 times

per day instead of just 16 times.

O.K.? O.K. And the way we're going to start is

by writing all of your customers and telling them they've just

won something and that they should come in and get it. And,

after so informing all our customers, we are next going to

send a similar message to all of our prospects.

Here are two important considerations:

1.

2.

Give

away something that relates to what you are selling.

Tell your winner he's got to claim his prize by a

certain deadline....

Or Else His Prize

Will Be Given To Someone Else!

Zowie. Our winner sure won't want that, now

will he? And especially not if you write a letter like this:

Dear Friend,

I am

writing to tell you that your name was entered into a

drawing here at my store and you have won a valuable

prize.

As you may

know, my store, ABC Jewelry, specializes in low-cost,

top-quality diamond rings and diamond earrings. Well,

guess what? The other day we got in a small shipment

of fake diamonds that are made with a new

process that makes them look so real they almost

fooled me!

Anyway, I

don't want to sell these fakes because they could

cause a lot of trouble for the pawnbrokers around

town. So, I've decided to give them away to

some of my old customers whose names were selected at

random by having my wife, Janet, put all the names in

a jar and pull out the winners.

So, you're

one of the winners and all you've got to do is drop in

sometime before 5:00 p.m. Friday and you'll have a

1-karat "diamond" that looks so good it'll

knock your eyes out!

Sincerely,

John Jones

P.S.

After

5:00 p.m. Friday, I reserve the

right to give

your prize to someone

else. Thank you.

Well now, it didn't take much genius

to write that, did it? And I bet you

can do even better. And, if you do and you do it right, your

door will be opening constantly.

More. Did you ever see one of those monster

mailings from American Family Publishers written over the

signature of Ed McMahon? The latest one I've received comes in

a huge envelope that measure 7-1/4" x 11-1/2"

inches! On the outside of the envelope, in huge red letters,

it says "TELE-DISPATCH" and "EXTREMELY

URGENT!" It also says (in white letters) that this

message comes "From TV's Ed McMahon." And what does

it say inside? Check it out. I'm reproducing it below:

Gee, they did it just like I said, didn't

they? Nope. I did not

teach them how to do it; they seem to have figured it out all

by themselves. However, and I swear

this is true, I did not

read their copy until after

I wrote the first part of this letter. But, let's face it:

Great Minds Think Alike!

Now, as most of you know, this is not my kind

of mailing package. Nonetheless, in spite of some rather major

mistakes, this is a brilliant example of the best of what I

call B-pile mail. One of the things they do right (at least,

righter than most B-pilers) is the way they personalize the

mailing by smearing the recipient's name "Garry

Halbert" (sic) across the top of one of their inserts in

a headline that says....

Garry Halbert

To Be Awarded

Ten Million Dollars!

They also use personalization effectively in

the body copy of their message by personalizing the subheads

like this:

Garry Halbert

Could Lose The Ten Million Dollars

By Failing To Act

Before March 18, 1988!

Which brings me to another important point

about those contest promotions which is... they should be personal.

It's not nearly so effective to say "Dear Friend... You

have won..." as it is to say "You, Sir Gary of

Halbert, have won..."

So put on your thinking cap. A little mental

effort on your part should yield a plethora of ways you can

use contests to hype your sales -- no matter what business you

are in. And don't forget Ole Guru Gary's ABC's of contesting:

A.

B.

C.

Say "You

may have already won" or "You have

won!"

Give away a prize that is related to what you are

selling.

Personalize your contest-type mailings.

And now, the big moment draws near. Get out

your coin or key and scrape the carbon from that ticket. And

remember, no matter what's underneath, the fact that you've

just finished reading this letter means...

You Have Already Won!

Yahoo!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

AKA

"The Most Generous Guru

In God's Good Graces!"

P.S.

I get

a lot of good ideas from my subscribers and one of

those ideas came from Richard Potter (818) 883-1046

who is one of the few copywriters I can recommend

without reservation. So anyway, his idea is that the

perfect premium for my next renewal effort would be to

put together a "greatest hits" collection of

my ads and direct mail letters.

Well,

I like that idea so much I've decided to do it and not

only am I going to include my stuff, but also the

great stuff created by other people and I'm going to

call it....

The Masterpiece Collection!

And

the first promotion in that collection will be the

world-famous coat-of-arms letter which is, I believe, the

most widely mailed letter in history.

Now, I'm

going to do you a favor and I'm going to ask you for one

in return. The favor from me is I'm including with this

issue, a copy of the aforementioned letter so you'll have

a head start in assembling your

own masterpiece collection.

And the

favor I'd like from you is your suggestions as to what

other ads and letters should be included in the

collection.

So, if

you've got any ideas, please let me hear from you.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.