SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zgzd_promoting_website.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:14
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

As far as I can tell, there has been nothing

but bullshit written about the real secrets of how to

have a profitable website on the Internet.

There are only two major secrets about how to

do this and I am going to explain each one of them to you in

detail... right here... in this newsletter.

SECRET #1:

Content

Nothing is as important as content. No matter

how vigorously you promote a book, if that book contains

nothing but empty pages, it will never become a best seller.

If it is a fiction book, it has to be extraordinarily

well written. If it is a non-fiction book, it has to contain

honest-to-God, useful and unique information.

And so it is with websites.

If your website is truly rich and contains

"for real" useful and unique

information... and... it contains a LOT of it... most likely,

you won't even have to promote your website. Once just a few

people read it, it will get so much word-of-mouth publicity,

it will snowball into having more readers than you could ever

believe.

There is no website on the Internet that

contains more useful and unique information than the one I

publish at...

www.TheGaryHalbertLetter.com

And, I have done nothing whatsoever to promote

my website. Yet, my readership numbers are staggering.

The other day, a real Internet and website

expert was visiting with me

here in Miami. He knows how to get the stats on all of

the websites in the entire world including how they are ranked

in various ways. He was able to show me how my website is

ranked by the amount of traffic that goes to the site.

Do you know that even with no promoting, my

website gets more traffic than 50% of all the other websites

in the entire world?

Do you know that, in fact, my website gets

more traffic than 70% of all the websites in the world?

Do you know that, in fact, it gets more

traffic than 90% of all the others in the world?

Do you know that, in fact, my website gets

more traffic than 99.9% of all the others?

In fact, www.TheGaryHalbertLetter.com

gets more traffic than...

99.999% Of All The Websites

Everywhere On Earth!

This is NOT a category ranking. This IS a

ranking of every website that exists.

And with no promoting whatsoever.

How can this be? It's simply because... my

website delivers on the Number One criteria of any popular

book, magazine, newspaper, newsletter or website. You know

what that criteria is?

Have Something To Say!

If you don't have something to say that is

true, interesting, useful and unique, you can spend millions

of dollars and thousands of hours promoting your website and

all you'll ever get is a handful of readers who visit it maybe

more than once. Yet, on the other hand, if your website is

content-laden, the sky is the limit... even if... you do no

promoting whatsoever.

Do you know how stupid the advice is of people

who tell you they can get your website to use certain words

that will pop up in the top ten hits on a search engine?

That's absolutely insane. Imagine this: You

publish a website on knitting and someone is searching

for information on volcanos. This "someone" types

the word "volcano" into their search engine and lo

and behold, he or she is "tricked" into going to

your website on knitting. Big accomplishment, right? How long

do you think the person interested in volcanos is going to

read your website on knitting? And how often do you think he

or she will come back to your website?

I could go on and on, but frankly, I'm too

exhausted to go on much of a rant today.

SECRET

#2:

When

You Promote Your Website, Do It In

Print... And...

Don't Promote It On The

Internet!

One good print ad in the proper media will

eclipse 20-years of nonsensical online promotions. Forget

about tricky "key words", affiliate programs

(they're usually just another version of multi-level

marketing), and every other piece of advice an Internet guru

gives you... unless... that guru is making tons of money on

his own website (which sells something other than how to make

money with a website).

Below is an ad which is scheduled to appear in

USA Today in June. It was written (quite obviously) to

promote my website:

Free Website  Reveals

The Most

Hard-Nosed,

Realistic Money-Making

Secrets On The

Entire

Internet!

New research has uncovered an almost

unknown website that reveals more real

money-making secrets than anyplace else on the entire

Internet. This website is 100% free. There are no sponsored

links, no registration required, no pop-up ads, no banner ads

and nothing you have to buy.

Here's just a small sample (very

small) of the hard-hitting, money-making

secrets you'll discover when you go to this website:

t

How to get as much money as you need to really get your

business rolling... and... get it without borrowing!

t

How to get a product to sell if you don't have one

already... and...  how

to  get  it  for

nothing!

t

How to use an ordinary phone line ($15.00 per month), a

Radio Shack answering machine, and classified ads to make 15

times  as

much  income

as the average American heart surgeon!

t

How to get the exact name and address of thousands of

people who would love to send you money!

t

How to mail up to 100,000 letters per week at no cost

whatsoever... not even postage!

t

What to write on a cheap little postcard that will make

people flood you with cash!

t

How to use 976 and 900 numbers to get people to pay

to hear all about what you want to sell them!

t

How to use the yellow pages of your phone book in a

secret way that will flush out huge wads of money!

t

How to use cheap little classified ads to make as much

as $10,000 per day!

t

How to get yourself or your product featured on cable

TV at no cost whatsoever!

t

How to get movie and TV stars to help you sell your

products and services!

t

An amazing secret that can turn your local newspaper

into your own personal goldmine!

t

Seven sure fire ways to become a millionaire even if

you only have $500.00 to get started!

t

How to write one letter... and... fill out one form...

and... get an instant paycheck for up to $35,000!

t

How to totally eliminate lawsuits! (Lawyers

will hate this more  than

anything

ever written.)

t

The secret of perfect putting! (This

has nothing to do with business or advertising... but... so

many people love golf, this info is included on the website.)

t

10 amazing ways to lose weight that work like crazy! (Again, nothing to do with marketing

or  business

but, it's vital info for millions

of people.)

t

How to use CIA files to beat your competition! (Yes,

they ARE available... and... you can get them.)

t

A video camera, a legal pad, a ballpoint pen: All you

need to make more money than you can count!

t

What

question  you

must

ask when  you

rent  a

car  to  get the lowest price humanly possible!

t

How to get the maximum (ethical)

price for whatever it is you are selling!

t

How to fly anywhere in the world at the lowest possible

price!

t

How to protect yourself against your own attorney!

(Note: This is 100 times more important than protecting

yourself against your opponent's attorney.)

t

How to make $14,750 by sending just two faxes!

t

3 lies all intelligent men always tell women!

t

17 lies all intelligent women

always tell men!

t

The top 100 most searched for words on the Internet!

t

How to overcome the body chemical that keeps you fat!

t

The secret "red convertible" technique that

can get almost any man to work for you!

t

How to instantly increase your problem solving ability

by 250%!

t

Why sometimes missing an appointment (deliberately)

can increase your income!

t

How to

gain an immediate "psychological edge"

on anyone who is doing a business deal with you!

t

Secret internet software only very, very rich people

know about!

t

How to use the "evaporating deal" technique

to win almost every business negotiation!

t

How to get all of your advertising read by 500% more

people without changing a single word or increasing the size

of your ad! (You'll be shocked and amazed at how simple this

is... and... by how well it works.)

t

Exactly

how long it should take your web page to load! (Any

longer and you'll lose people in droves.)

t

How to use sex appeal in your advertising without

offending your customers!

t

How to create an "engineered paradigm

change"! (This absolutely guarantees you will achieve almost ANY goal.)

t

How to chart your "energy curve" and use this

info to dramatically enhance your quality of life!

t

The two worst mistakes you can make when you are

meeting someone new you want to impress!

t

17   stocks

you    must

dump immediately! (Note: It doesn't matter when

you are reading this. These stocks have

to be removed from your portfolio under any

circumstances.)

t

What you should do if you are going to have an

operation that will speed up your recovery by as much as 75%!

(Your doctor will never tell you this.)

t

A secret direct mail technique that has produced

response rates as high as 90%! (Use this on your next mailing

and watch your results and profits soar.)

t

An open letter to anyone who owns a corporation... and

foolishly... believes it will protect his personal assets!

t

How  to

do  90%  of  your

business... outside...

the legal system... and... how to do it legally!

t

What you should do to the light bulbs in your house

that can dramatically help you sell it!

t

How your military record can

get  you

extra  social

security money!

t

How

to sell a house faster by taking it off the market!

t

The single-best investment you can make when selling

your home!

t

A low tech (and cheap) way to increase the readership

of your website by 750%!

t

The one magazine in America that (as

far as anyone knows) has NEVER failed  to

produce  a  huge profit for

any mail order advertiser!

t

A billion dollar business and nobody's doing it! (All the money you could ever want is going begging.)

t

How the 3 basic elements found

in   every

single successful

(multi-million

dollar)  television infomercial can also be used to boost the profitability

of your newspaper ads!

t

How to get back everything you lost in the stock

market... and... how to get it back fast.

(Hint: This isn't going  to

leave  any

stock brokers smiling.)

t

Why you should always run newspaper ads on a Tuesday!

t

How to instantly increase your problem solving ability

by 250%!

t

How to live to be 110... and... still remember where

you left your car keys!

t

What people really want to buy! (In the 1920's a

gentleman did some startling real-world research into what

motivates people to buy the most. And you know what? It's the

same today. It was the same 200, 2000, even 5000 years ago.

Human nature doesn't change. And

once  you

know   what

people really

want to buy... it's easy to get rich.)

t

The best demographic group of people to sell to in

America... by far!

t

How to make yourself 100% judgment proof!

t

How to slow down, stop and even reverse the aging

process and regain and increase all the youthful energy,

vitality and sexual passion you once enjoyed!

t

How to profit... and... profit big... from the

coming stock market bloodbath! (No,

it's not over yet. It's going to get a lot worse...

but... you can cash in while others lose their shirts.)

t

Why understanding psychology is 1,000 times more

important than understanding technology!

t

The single-most important thing you must do... if...

you seriously want to be rich!

t

And much, much more!

Anyway, that's

just a small (very tiny)

sample of what you will find on this website. Go there immediately

if you want to take a wealth and success journey that you've

only dreamed about until now.

www.TheGaryHalbertLetter.com

Remember, there's nothing to buy... no

sponsored links... no pop-up ads... and... no registration

needed. This website is "for

real" 100% free.

***WARNING:

Don't go to the website if you are offended by being

told the truth, don't have an open mind, or will be put off by

the occasional well-placed profanity. The truth

isn't always easy to take. And often, it's not pretty.

If you are looking for "political correctness"

instead of reality, this is NOT a website you should be

reading.

Now let me ask you something, after all the

millions of people who read USA Today read that ad, how

many of them do you think will visit my website? Not only will

they visit it, they'll keep coming back time after time after

time. Why? Because my website really does contain

honest-to-God, useful and unique information. And all of those

hundreds of thousands of people will tell their friends... and

soon... I expect my biggest problem will be...

Making Sure My Web Server Can

Handle All The Traffic!

I am already flooded every day with

e-mails from people who want to do joint ventures with me,

become clients, and everything else you can possibly imagine.

You see, if you're really good at what you do, you don't even

have to ask for business. You know a really good mechanic gets

so much word-of-mouth publicity, he has a constant stream of

strangers begging him to work on their cars. The same is true

of a good copywriter/website publisher.

Last month, I said I hadn't been taking

clients for a few years but I was going to start taking a few

again. Even with my fee of $15,000 upfront plus 5% of gross

sales, I have had a non-stop stream of clients. This was

really surprising, even to me, until my new friend, Ed Dale,

showed me how much traffic my website was getting.

Many of you know I don't believe in raising

prices without warning. So, I'm telling you right now... this

is your very last chance to ever hire me at my standard

$15,000 upfront fee plus 5%. I've decided that eleven days

after this newsletter appears on my website, I am doubling

what I charge to $30,000 upfront and 10% of gross sales. And,

after the ad you just read breaks in USA Today, my fees

will most likely go much higher.

Here's the simple truth: If you have something

to sell by direct marketing, all the elements of your success

will be totally impotent unless somebody writes a great

advertisement or sales letter for you. Good copywriters aren't

expensive. In truth, they are "free" because of all

the profit they make for their clients. Bad or even mediocre

copywriting is extremely expensive. How so? Bad or even

mediocre copywriting costs you time, money and lost

opportunities.

So anyway, my old deal of $15,000 upfront plus

5% is only good for eleven more days.

You've Been Warned!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

If you

have a website and want a copywriter to promote it for you,

show him the ad you just read in this newsletter (and will see

very soon in USA Today) and tell him you want an ad as

good as this one.

Your chances of getting an ad that good (from a

copywriter other than me) are approximately equal to the

chances of Joe Polish getting laid by a good-looking woman

with even a shred of self-respect and half a brain.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.