SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zhkl_get_it_going.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:21
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Let me recap for you what I said in last

month's newsletter.

I

said:

When

it comes to writing copy, far too much attention is

paid to the actual writing and far

too little is paid to ferreting out facts about

that which the copywriter is trying to sell!

I told you that the first step to world-class

copywriting (salesmanship-in-print) is to create a FACT SHEET

about that which you wish to sell.

I told you to make your FACT SHEET as detailed

as possible and then go over it very carefully and translate

the facts therein to benefits for the buyer and to create a

humongous BENEFIT LIST.

I then told you to think about what you are

trying to sell, think about all the benefits to the buyer and

about how (in what manner) you

would like to buy what you are trying to sell. And then, you

work to come up with the sweetest, most powerful OFFER you can

and to create a DEAL SHEET which contains the strongest

PROPOSITION you can offer which has been reduced to writing.

I told you to copy, in your own handwriting,

the best ads and/or direct mail packages you can find that are

related to what you want to sell.

And finally, I told you that, if you would do

all this, the next step was for you to take a break and wait

for this month's letter wherein I would teach you how to lash

all this together in such a way as to create a compelling

sales-pitch-in-print.

Let's go for it! Here's what you do now: You

get yourself a few boxes of 3x5 index cards and you go back to

your FACT SHEET. You copy each fact on the FACT SHEET onto a separate

3x5 card.

Now you go to your BENEFIT LIST and you copy

each benefit listed therein also onto a separate 3x5 card.

Set these cards aside in two neat piles on

your desk. Now, pick up your DEAL SHEET upon which is written

out the sweetest offer you can come up with to entice your

prospective buyers. Let's say, as in last month's

illustration, you are trying to sell a car and the offer you

have written out on your DEAL SHEET reads like this:

I'll

sell you my 2-year-old caddy for only $11,500. I'll

let you drive it for a week free before you decide to

buy it. Not only that, I'll throw in a free trip to

Las Vegas and I'll buy every drop of gas you use for

the first 10,000 miles you drive.

Now, armed with all this sales

"ammo," let's go ahead and lash everything together

and actually create a piece of world-class

salesmanship-in-print! In this case, we're going to write a

sales letter that we have

decide to mail to 1,000 people who live near you who might be

interested in buying your 2-year-old Caddy. I think a good

place to start would be to get the names of 1,000 people in

your area who own an Oldsmobile that is at least two or more

years old.

Alright now, the first thing we have to do is

we've got to capture these people's attention. And, since we

are going to be mailing printed

letters (as opposed to personally typed or

computer-personalized letters), what we are going to do is

write a headline and later emblazon it boldly across the top

of the first page of our letter.

Now hear this: There are a lot of good ways to

write headlines; there are headlines that ask a provocative

question; headlines that reveal a startling fact; headlines

that announce something like a special deal or a store

opening; headlines that shock; that titillate; etc. So, what

you are about to learn here is not

the only way to do it but rather, one

very good way that will seldom let you down. Namely, we

are going to strive to write a headline that offers both news

and a big benefit to

the readers of our letter!

First, let's take our proposition or offer

(it's the one you wrote on your DEAL SHEET) and state that

offer in such a way that is both newsworthy and

benefit-promising. Now, what is newsworthy about what we have

to say? Hmn? It seems to me that it's newsworthy that there is

a man somewhere (you) who has a car to sell he thinks so

much of he is willing to let someone drive it for an entire

week before they decide whether or not to buy. And what

are the big benefits, the unusual benefits of this deal? It seems to me free gas for a year and

a free trip to Vegas make up some very

tasty icing.

Now, who is it that's offering this hot deal?

It's you, right? But who are you? OK, let's say your name is John Stebbins. So the first words

of our announcement (headline) could reveal who is making this offer, and we could start with...

John Stebbins Says...

But wait. You say you're not well-known and

your name won't mean much to the people reading your letters?

OK, let's try again. You're a local resident, right? So let's

start off with...

Local Man...

Can we improve on that? You bet. If we can be

more specific (specificity always enhances response) we can do

even better...

Especially

if we can be more specific in a way that immediately

implants in our reader's mind that you are someone real,

someone he could pick up the phone and call or go

visit if he needed to!

So, let's say you're a dentist and let's begin

our headline like this...

Local Dentist Says...

So far so good. What's next? Well, what is it

you are saying? Uh, let's see. Oh yea, you're saying you'll

buy a trip to Vegas and a year's worth of gas for anybody who

buys your 2-year-old Caddy. So, let's simply say it. Like

this:

Local Dentist Says He

Will Buy A Free Trip To

Vegas And A Year's Worth

Of Gas For Anybody Who

Decides To Buy His

2-Year-Old Caddy!

That headline is a simple, uncomplicated

statement of fact. It offers news. If offers two strong

benefits. And there is a "hidden" lesson here for

those of you perceptive enough to catch it. It's this: One

of the secrets of writing great copy is just...

Saying What You

Have To Say!

Don't discount the importance of this just

because it is such a simple and obvious thing. People pay me

ungodly amounts of money to simply help them say what they

have to say. And when I do it, they accuse me of being a

genius and I'm always amazed. You see, what I really am is

simple-minded. Here's a typical conversation between me and

someone I'm trying to help:

"Gary,

I'm going nuts trying to write this ad. I've been struggling

with it for weeks and I just can't seem to make any headway."

"Well,

John, what is it you're trying to get across? What is the big

thing you have to say?"

"Gosh,

Gary, I can give people the best deal on washers and dryers

that anybody has ever seen!"

"Oh,

yeah? Why is that?"

"It's

because of my wife. She's really p.o.'d at me. She says I'm a

workaholic and she's sick of it. She says we haven't had a

vacation in 14 years and if I want to keep her, I better close

the damn store for a month and take her to Europe. She says

she doesn't care if I almost have to give away my

inventory."

So I start scribbling on a piece of paper and

a few seconds later I show him this:

She's fed up...

Angry Wife Forces Local

Businessman To Almost Give

Away Everything He's Got

In His Store!

"Hey,

that's it!" he says. "You've

got it! That's just what it is I wanted to say. You truly are

a genius!"

Maybe I am. I know I'd certainly be the last

to deny it. However, all I did here is say what he had to say.

Which brings me to a crucial

point I intend to pound into your head until you are sick of

hearing it. It's in response to something I hear all the time

and it usually goes something like this: "But

Gary, I don't have anything special to say. My offer is really

pretty ordinary. Pretty standard."

Oh yeah? Well, if that's the case, you need to

forget about writing copy

until you "sweeten" your offer enough so you do

have something to say. Contrary to popular opinion...

What You Have To Say

Is Enormously More Important

Than How You Say It!

Listen, if I just found out you had won the

Irish Sweepstakes, there is now way I could tell you that

would be dull and boring. On the other hand, I probably

couldn't entice you to read a book on the history of farm

machinery (there really is such a book) no matter what my

headline said.

Back to the salt mines. If you were paying

attention, you will have noticed that our headline to sell

your 2-year-old Caddy didn't mention that you would let

someone test drive it for a week free. Let's put that fact in

a lead-in subheadline. And now, what we've got is this:

And he'll let you drive it

a week for free!

Local Dentist Says He

Will Buy A Free Trip To

Las Vegas And A Year's Worth

Of Gas For Anybody Who

Decides To Buy His

2-Year-Old Caddy!

And that's what we're going to print in big

bold type on the top third of the first page of our letter.

And next? OK, next, let's tell our reader who this letter is

from. He already knows there is a local dentist involved but

let's make you even more real in his mind by telling him exactly

where you are located. It's simple -- we just write:

From:

John Stebbins

123 Oak Street

Massillon, Ohio  44646

And next? Ah, now it's time for our

salutation. It's surprising to me how many people struggle

with this part of a letter unless, of course, it is

personalized. Should it be "Dear Reader"? "Dear

Occupant"? "Dear Resident"? "Dear Lover of

Fine Cars"? "Dear Fellow Massillonian"?

No, no, no, no... NO! The way I always start a

non-personalized letter is...

Dear Friend,

I don't know, it just seems to me a... a... a friendly

way to begin.

And now, after all this, we are finally ready

to write the first sentence of our letter. And what should

that first sentence communicate? Veddy simple. It should...

Tell Our Reader

What's In It For

Him If He Takes The

Time To Read Our Letter!

Like this:  "If you would like to own a

1987 Cadillac and get it real cheap, here is some good

news."

That's the first paragraph and, in the next

paragraph or two, you tell the reader (by elaborating on the

headline) what the good news is. Like this:

"My

name is John Stebbins and I am a dentist here in Massillon.

I've got a 2-year-old Caddy and it is in almost perfect shape

and I have to get rid of it for reasons I'll tell you later.

But anyway, I just want to sell this car fast and I'm willing

to let you test drive it for a week free if you are really

interested.s

"Not

only that, if you do decide to buy it, I'll give you a very

low price and I'll buy you a trip to Vegas and I'll pay for

all the gas you use for the first year you have the car."

Now, can you imagine what our reader is

thinking at this point? It's easy, he wants to know... WHY?!!

Why are you offering such a good deal? And, if you want to

sell him, you've got to tell him.

Which is what comes next and you should

address the issue like this:

"Why

am I offering such a good deal? The reasons are simple. First,

I hate car dealers. I tried to sell my Caddy back to

the dealer I bought it from and he said stuff to me that was

an insult to my intelligence. That's why I'd rather sell it

cheaper to a regular person than hassle and bargain with some

guy who cheats people for a living.

"And

the reason I'm willing to buy all your gas for a year is

because, unless you had a Caddy before, you probably don't

know but... Caddys, at least the ones in excellent condition

like mine, get very good

gas mileage."

Now, listen to me: At this point you've

captured your guy's attention and you've give him enough to

decide whether he's interested or not. If he is

interested, what he wants now are some facts. And a simple way

to give him these facts is to simply enumerate them like David

Ogilvy did in the classic Rolls Royce ad I reprinted for you

last month. How's an easy way to introduce these facts? Like

this:

"And

here are 10 important facts about my car:"

And then, you pick up those two piles of 3x5

index cards on your desk (the ones that enumerate the facts

and benefits pertaining to your car) and you arrange those

cards in rank sequence with the card that contains the hottest

fact and/or benefit at the top of the pile. Then, what you do

is you start at the top of the pile and you transfer those

facts/ benefits on the 3x5 cards to your letter. You simply

enumerate them. The first three might look like this:

1.

This

car has the strongest, most rigid construction of any car

built in America and it is the safest car you can use to

transport your loved ones.

2.

It

has automatic everything and it is the easiest car on the road

to drive.

3.

This

car only has 7,413 miles on it and it should give you many

more years of luxurious trouble-free driving.

And so on.

And now we come to one of the most important

elements of all. Remember how I told you the single most

important thing to concentrate on was your offer? OK, the

second most important thing is to make your offer believable.

We've already put a lot of believability into this letter by

revealing your exact name, occupation, and address and giving

our reader specific info. But we must do more. You see,

if you've got this prospect wanting the car, wanting the deal,

what he wants most right now is...

More And More Reasons

Or At Least One More Powerful

Reason

Why He Can Believe

You!

Again, why are you offering such a good deal

to him? It's not enough that you hate car dealers... if the

car is so good, why the heck are you even willing to sell it?

Here are some possible reasons:

1.

You

need the money and you need it now.

2.

Your

wife hates the color.

3.

You've

decided to go to Africa and become a missionary.

4.

You

want to take flying lessons and buy a sea plane but you can't

afford both the plane and the Caddy.

5.

Your

eyesight is going bad and soon you won't be able to drive

anymore.

But whatever the reason is, it must be

reasonable. It must be believable. It must be real... and

true. It should take the question mark out of the mind of your

prospect. It should give him an "aha" experience

sort of like this:

"Oh gee, no wonder the guy wants

to sell the car so fast. I would too if I had a chance to go

live in Paris for 3-years!"

There's just one thing left: We've got to ask

for action which in this case means simply telling him if he's

interested to call you on the telephone.

Oh yeah, and you'd better give him a

reasonable reason why he should call right

now, like maybe simply the truth that you've mailed nearly

1,000 of these letters and you don't expect the car to remain

unsold for much more than 48-hours.

And then you sign off by writing...

Sincerely,

John Stebbins

P.S. Don't

forget to always add a P.S. because some people read

that part of the letter first. And what the P.S. should say is

some little thing additional about one of the items of hot

enticing info you've already given him like...

"P.S.

That free trip to Vegas has got

to be confirmed in the next 11-days or else the coupons I won

at the Dentist's Charity Ball last month will revert to the

second-place winner."

Let's sum it all up:

1.

You

create a FACT SHEET.

2.

You

create a  BENEFIT LIST.

3.

You

reduce your OFFER to writing on a  DEAL SHEET.

4.

You

write a headline that contains news and the promise of one or

more benefits.

5.

If

you have more than two hot benefits, you can put another in

the lead-in sub-headline.

6.

You

reveal exactly who the

letter is from.

7.

You

begin the salutation,  "Dear Friend,".

8.

You write a first sentence that tells what's in it for your

prospect if he reads this letter.

9.

You

use the next few paragraphs to elaborate specifically

on your promises.

10.

You next tell him why you are offering such a good

deal.

11.

You

enumerate facts that translate to benefits and you simply list

1, 2, 3, 4, 5, etc., etc., as many as you've got.

12.

You next write a true and believable "reason

why" explanation of why you are willing to part with this

wonderful car.

13.

You

ask him to respond and urge him to hurry.

14.

You sign off with "Sincerely,".

15.

You

write a P.S. that gives him a little new wrinkle on one of the

hot reasons you've already given him as to why he should buy

this car now.

And you typeset, type, print, fold, address,

stamp and mail your thousand letters.

And live happily ever after.

I hope.

Now hear this: I was going to, after I got

this far, write that Caddy letter myself so you could see it

all strung together. But I've changed my mind. Some of you are

more serious than others about learning to write copy and, if

you are, I want you to write a sales letter about your

car and send it to me. Make sure I get the letter by the end

of this month and on the first of the month, I'll read all the

letters and I'll reprint the best one and send a really

valuable (honest) free gift to whomever I think has written

the best letter.

But don't write about anything except your car

because that will make my judging job easier and likelier to

be more fair.

Do this! You can't lose! My little contest is

really secondary. The main thing is you will have gotten off

your lethargic keister and stretched your mind a bit and the

doing of this will prove to you that...

You Don't Have To Get

It Perfect, You've Just

Got To Get It Going!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

The Wizard of Words

P.S.

Look,

this isn't the last thing I have to say about writing copy.

Not by a long shot. It is not everything you need to

know about this important subject. But... it is enough.

Enough to get you going. Enough to give you a workable formula

to get started while we are waiting for absolute perfection.

P.P.S.

Don't

even think about missing next month's issue! Why? Simply

because I'm going to give you a piece of hot info that is so

totally important it could enhance your chances of success by

1,000%

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.