SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zhlk_promote_website.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:25
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend & Subscriber,

No

time for chit chat. Let's get right down to business.

Later this month, a few days after

you receive this newsletter, the following ad is going to

appear in Investor's Business Daily.

Here Are 3 Very Low- Priced Stocks You Must

Know About Before Midnight On Tuesday,

June 30, 1998!

All of these companies have made new and amazing

bio-med-ical, technological breakthroughs. All are

listed on the NASDAQ. Here are their ticker symbols:

(1) CORX

(possible

Alz- heimer's breakthrough!)

(2) ENDO

(prostate disease relief and minimally invasive surgi-cal technology

which literally freezes cancerous tumors!)

(3) SLIC

(most efficient laser ever developed which can be used at operating room

temperatures! Potential for automotive, dental,

medical, telecommunications, optical data storage, DVD

printing and military operations)

For exciting, free info go to ...  www.GHLstockalert.com

Now, as you notice, the people who

read that ad will be directed to go to a website, namely www.GHLstockalert.com.

Here is what they are going to read when they get to

that website:

Welcome to...

GHL

STOCK

ALERT!

My

name is Gary C. Halbert and I am about to reveal the

details to you of three low-priced stocks I believe

have a tremendous upside potential. I, myself, have

purchased shares in each of these companies.

However,

that does not mean you should invest in these

stocks. Just because I believe the price of a certain

stock is going to go up, doesn't mean it is a dead

certainty which will turn out to be true. There are

always factors in the near and distant future which

are virtually unknowable before they manifest

themselves. Therefore, you should never invest

any money in the stock market if the loss of that

money would cause you undue discomfort or

inconvenience. If you invest in any of these stocks,

you could lose part or all of your investment.

But,

you could also make a bundle!

I'll

reveal the names and details of my three stock picks

for this month just a few paragraphs from now. But

first, it will be useful if you understand a little

about why I have chosen to invest in these particular

three stocks.

First,

I have a rule for myself and, that rule is...

Buy Only Stocks Listed

On One Of The Three Major

Stock Exchanges!

The

reason for that rule? Simple: You see, I realize I'm never

going to make any money by buying

stocks. I'm only going to make money when I sell

my stocks. And, when I'm ready to sell, I want to make

damn sure whomever wants to buy can easily find quotes

and other details of the stocks I want to sell. In other

words, I have no interest (at least currently) in

messing around with any stocks... unless... they are

listed in the Wall

Street Journal,Barron's or Investor's

Business Daily.

Believe

it or not, that rule alone eliminates hundreds of

thousands of stocks. Here in America, aside from the

three major exchanges, you can buy OTC

(Over-The-Counter) stocks, "pink sheet" stocks

(ask your broker if you're interested) and stocks from

all sorts of other sources. You can also buy stocks

listed on the Toronto Exchange and all the European and

Asian exchanges.

Not

me. I buy nothing that's not listed on the NYSE, AMEX or

NASDAQ.

My

second rule is...

Only Buy Stocks

That

Have The Potential To Gain

50% Or More In One Day!

I've

done a lot of research because I wanted to know what

made this small, elite group of stocks (there are 300 to

500 of them every year) different from all the thousands

of other stocks which have never enjoyed this type of

spectacular daily

gain. Here's what my preliminary research seems to

indicate: Of all stocks which gained 50% or more in one

day of trading...

Only 6.2% Were

Stocks Listed On

The AMEX Exchange!

No AMEX stocks for me.

At least, I don't spend any time researching them right now. Mushing on, I

also discovered...

Only 4.9% Of The

Top Daily Gainers Came From

The NYSE!

So, at

least currently, I don't research NYSE stocks either... because... the plain

fact of the matter is...

88.9%

Of All The

Big Daily Gainers

Come From The NASDAQ!

Now, let's talk about price. Of all NASDAQ stocks that gained

50% or more in price in one day...

Stocks priced at $1.99 or less represented 44% of the

big daily gainers.

Stocks priced from $2.00 to $2.99 represented 25.8% of

the big daily gainers.

Stocks priced from $3.00 to $3.99 made up 12.6% of the

big daily gainers.

Stocks priced from $4.00 to $4.99 made up 3.5% of the

big daily gainers and...

All

Stocks Priced

$5.00 Or More Represent Only

13.9% Of The Big

Daily Gainers!

So, here's what I've decided so far: I'm (at least for now)

only going to concentrate on stocks on the NASDAQ which are selling for less

than $5.00. This selection criteria alone has eliminated me having to examine

99.9% of all stock market investment opportunities.

But, my friend, we ain't done yet. Not by a long shot. Just

because a stock is selling for less than $5.00 and listed on the NASDAQ

doesn't mean it makes the cut. Nope, all we've identified here is the

"preliminary pool" of stocks we are even willing to look at. There

are numerous other hurdles even

these stocks have to overcome before they qualify as a "pick."

The first of the next hurdles is volume. If a stock has a very

thin daily volume, just the fact you invest in that stock will make it

skyrocket in price.

Conversely, if the daily volume is too high, way too

much of a mountain of money has to be moved to effectuate a 50% or more jump

in price.

If you are at all active in the stock market, you are already

aware of the success of a small group of stock market experts (they really

are) who have an informative website and write books on a how a "Motley

Fool" should invest in stocks. I recommend their material since it's very

informative. Here's an eight item checklist they use to select stocks worthy

of further examination:

1.

Sales of 200 million... or

less!'

2.

Daily dollar volume of trading three million dollars... or

less!

3.

Low share price between

$5.00 to $20.00. They maintain stocks priced at less than $5.00 are "junk." I disagree.

4.

Net profit margin of 10%

or more.

5.

Relative Strength (study

Investor's Business Daily to

learn what this means) of 90 or higher.

6.

Earnings or sales growth

must be 25% or greater this year than it was for the same quarter last

year.

7.

Insider holdings must be

at least 15%.

8.

Cash-flow from

operations must be a positive number.

All in all, this is a good checklist. My criteria are a bit

different but, not too much. However, there's something I consider much

more important than all of this put together. Namely:

I Want

The Companies I

Invest In To Be "Newsworthy"!

As I wrote in last month's issue of my newsletter it is...

NOT... some good or bad development which makes a stock price go up or down?

As I said, "It is the NEWS of some

development, not the development itself, that affects stock prices?"

You know what is so great about many of those smaller,

low-priced publicly-traded companies? Not only does a low-priced stock have

more "growing room," many of them remain unexamined by the big

institutional investors who are insurance companies, pension funds and mutual

funds. They can't afford to mess with those "little" stocks. First

of all, there are more mutual funds than stocks (I find that rather

amazing) and often, one day's trading in a given mutual fund is more than ten

times the entire value of a small or micro cap company. Many of those small

companies have spectacular "news" relatively no one knows about.

Like a company called Longport which has a portable skin scanner a doctor can

use to detect skin cancer in seconds... before

it is visible... and without a

biopsy.

By the way, I have not

invested in Longport because it is not traded on any of the three major

exchanges. But, if it was, I would invest in it... because... not only

do the stocks I invest in have to get through my price parameters, volume

parameters and all the other hurdles...

They Must Also Have

A Terrific And Mostly

Untold Story!

Plus, these have to be

stories... that... I have reason to believe the mainstream investment

publications are about to "discover."

OK, now that you know

all that, here are the stocks I've invested in this month:

STOCK

#1:

Company

Ticker

Exchange

Cortex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(An

Alzheimer's Breakthrough?)

CORX

NASDAQ

This is a neuroscience company focused on novel drug therapies for

neurological and psychiatric disorders. Recently, a patent application has

been filed entitled "Facilitation of AMPA Synoptic Transmission in Brain

as a Treatment for Schizophrenia."

One

of the three inventors is Gary Rogers, Ph.D. who is the

Vice President of Pharmaceutical Discovery at Cortex.

AMPALEX(R)(CX516)

is the first compound in the AMPAKINE class to be

administered to humans. The drug is currently the

subject of three Phase I/IIa clinical trials. Anyway,

here's what I, Sir Gary of Halbert, find especially

exciting...

AMPAKINES Are Also Being

Investigated For Potential Utility

In The Treatment Of Alzheimer's!

In

fact, there is currently in progress a Phase I/IIa

clinical trial at the NIH for that

indication! And, according to numerous scientific papers

AMPAKINES can increase performance on memory tests in

humans and animals. Plus, these memory enhancing effects

can be measured... within

minutes... of

administration.

I

don't know about all this. I'm not a scientist. However,

this company seems to be dead serious about their

research... and... if their research pays off, I think

there's gonna be a world-wide news flash that will skyrocket

the price of the stock.

Maybe

it'll happen; maybe not. All I can tell you is, after a

lot of research, I'm convinced their stock is a good

bet.

We'll

see.

STOCK #2:

Company

Ticker

Exchange

Endocare, Inc.

(Prostate Disease

Relief!)

ENDO

NASDAQ

This

company develops, manufactures and markets innovative,

minimally invasive surgical technologies which literally

freeze

cancerous tumors. It was recently revealed how this

revolutionary temperature-based technology is being

applied to treat prostate cancer, the second most common

cancer in all men, and cancer of the liver. Recent study

results from Douglas Chinn, M.D. of Southern

California's Alahambra Hospital revealed...

96% Of His Patients Who

Have Received This Monitored

Temperature-Based Treatment

For Prostate Cancer Over The

Past

Three Years... REMAIN CANCER

FREE!

They're

doing a lot of other incredible stuff but, this is the

part that made me decide to buy their stock. Do you know

how many men get prostate cancer as they age? It's up to

80%! Do you know how many "Baby Boomers" are

turning 50 every day now?

Do

you realize... aw hell... it's your money. Do what you

think is best. Don't follow my lead (I'm a

"controlled" risk-taker) if doing so will take

you out of your own personal "comfort zone."

How's

that song go? "We

may lose or we may win... but... we'll never be here

again..."

STOCK

#3:

Company

Ticker

Exchange

Semiconductor Laser

International Corp.

(A New

Cutting-Edge Laser!)

SLIC

NASDAQ

CEO

and President Dr. Geoffrey T. Burnham has been quoted as

saying, "I believe we are on the verge of a sales-breakthrough which will

lead to the placement of a number of very large

production orders. We expect these orders will be

received from some of the world's largest corporations

looking to employ our unique technology in their product

lines."

It's

no wonder. At the 11th Annual Diode Laser Technology

Review Conference (that sounds like a fun group, doesn't

it?) held in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Semiconductor

Laser International presented a poster paper showing

overall conversion efficiency of 56% for an 808 nm high

power semiconductor diode laser operating at 25 degrees

Celsius, which represents... the highest efficiency ever

obtained by anyone at these operating temperatures.

This

is space-age technology with potential uses for

automotive, dental, medical, telecommunications,

optical, data storage, DVD Printing, and military

applications. In fact...

This Company Has Reached

This Level Of Laser

Efficiency In

Less Than One Year...

Which...

Their Competitors With A

Combined Total

Of 24 Years Of Research

Have Still Not Achieved!

Whatever.

Once again, it's your call.

OK,

that's it for now... except... for some legal stuff you

ought to know. First, I am NOT a Registered

Investment Advisor. I do not give individual investment

advice. None of the info you've just read is an offer or

solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security. I

believe the sources from which I got all this info are

reliable... but... I can't guarantee that to be true.

Even though some of this info came from the companies

themselves, I have no personal or business connections

to these companies whatsoever.

One

other thing: I've been publishing a very elite

newsletter continuously for the last twelve years

cleverly called The

Gary Halbert Letter. You might be interested in my

newsletter but, probably not. First of all, with a

subscription price of nearly $3,000 some people say it's

the most expensive monthly publication in history.

Secondly, I do not make info about my newsletter

available via the Internet. If you want to know what

it's all about, why it's so valuable and why it's read

in over 50 countries, you'll have to call my office and

give us your name, your real address and phone number.

Then, after we are convinced you are a real

honest-to-God human being who doesn't have to hide

behind a computer, we'll send you a few sample issues

and you can decide for yourself whether or not it's for

you. Also, we don't use an 800# so you'll have to pay

for the call yourself. If, after knowing all this, you

are still interested, you can call

us at (305) 534-7577 anytime, 24-hours-a-day,

7-days-a-week.

Please

note this website is all text. No bells and whistles. No

graphics. No photos. I hate all that crap. All it does

is slow me down when I'm doing research. I hope you feel

the same way. If you want great graphics, go to Disney.

If you want great info, come to me.

By

the way, the info on the three stocks will be removed

from this website at midnight on Tuesday, June 30, 1998.

Hang

in there. Just remember...

Things Always Look

Darkest Just Before They

Go Totally Black!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

Now, of course, you're probably

wondering if Guru Gary, the veritable

"Prince-of-Print" will actually have the savvy to

get that site up and running in the next couple of weeks.

Well, guess what, you pessimistic, little prick: It's already

up and running and, if you have a computer, you can check it

out right now. The address is:

www.GHLstockalert.com

OK, now pay attention: If you're

gonna be able to get away with referring to your readers as

"pessimistic, little pricks" you damn well better

have something of extreme value to lay upon them... else...

the humorless twits amongst them will rise up and smite

thee... and... I sure wouldn't want that to happen! (By

the way, just for the record, I want you to know I realize

some of you are pessimistic, BIG pricks.)

Hmn? I sense I may be stepping over

the line into a "danger zone" here so, I think I

better get to the good stuff zippidy quick. Here's the

scoopola: You already

know what's on the website. That means you've got maybe a

week's head start before most of the rest of the world even

knows of the existence of the site.

Not only that, at one minute after

midnight on Tuesday, June 30, 1998 new content about one or

more Nasdaq stocks will be uploaded to that site. However, if

you are a Lifetime Subscriber or a paid-up current subscriber,

you're going to receive the next issue of this newsletter

about a week before I upload the new info... and...

that issue will reveal unto you what's gonna be on the

website.

By the way, do you realize Endocare,

Inc. (Nasdaq: ENDO) has found a way to cure 97% of patients

with prostate cancer and the news of that achievement has not

yet caught the attention of the national media? You know, many

of my readers are more savvy about PR than me... and... I

hope, for humanity's sake, someone (I'd love it to be

one of my readers) makes sure this achievement gets the

attention it deserves.

It's not all just about money:

Dozens (perhaps hundreds) of people with prostate cancer are

going to needlessly die today because the media has

neglected this breakthrough.

Come to think of it, maybe things

are as they should be. After all, I for one, am very comforted

that, because of Viagra, Bill and Monica will never have to

worry about his ability to perform.

Please forgive me. Forget all that

stuff I said about a cure for prostate cancer. I lost my head

for a moment. Willie knows what's important and what's not. My

apologies to the White House.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

I'm

very proud of my son Kevin Clifford Halbert. A few

years ago, he graduated from the toughest college on

earth (they have the highest per capita stress-induced

suicide rate among their student population than any

other college) and he has now become the man to know

if you need the best work possible in digital imaging.

He's so good, when Sinbad (the comedian and talk show

host) was doing his last special in Aruba, he paid

Kevvy Baby to go with him just as

"insurance" in case anything technical

started to go wrong. He also does great fashion

photography and you can see his work at www.pixelpipeline.com.

And,

he's the genius who got his ol' man's website up and

running without a hitch and in jiffy quick time. He's

also my "insurance" that nothing goes

wrong with my website (a lot can go wrong with

a website) and, I highly recommend, if you are

thinking about starting a website, going online, or

doing anything digitally related, you hire him at

least as a consultant. He's the cheapest insurance you

can buy. Just ask me or Sinbad. Kevin's number is (213)

851-8275.

I love

you son.

P.P.S

It

might be to your benefit to spread the word about my

website. Think about it.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.