SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zhll_marketing_secrets_revealed.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:26
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

This issue is a continuation of my last issue.

Let's go over what I had to say in that issue:

1.  Y2K problems are going to disrupt our

economy and create massive financial devastation.

2.  As this happens, millions of people are

going to lose their jobs and/or businesses and join the ranks

of "the scared shitless."

3.  It is hard to get people who are scared

shitless to part with their money.

4.  Therefore, you should make as much money as

you can... and... you should do it

right away!

5.  The best way to do this is by using direct

mail.

6.  The first step toward direct mail success

is to order the SRDS mailing list book and read the

descriptions of all the mailing lists available for you to

rent.

7.  As you read these list descriptions, you

should be on the lookout for big lists of PWM's which stands

for "Players With Money."

8.  PWM's are the easiest people to whom you

can market quality products and/or services.

9.  If you don't already have a high-priced,

quality product or service, you should create an "information

type" product.

10. You create this information type product by

having an expensive seminar and recording it on audio and

video tape.

11. After you've finished creating the product,

you should write a long-copy, direct mail sales letter which

will induce PWM's to purchase your info product.

12. Your info product should be very high

priced and you should only let people buy it by check and you

should insist all checks be postdated by  30-days.

13. Doing this will likely triple your

refunds... but also... it will likely triple your

sales!

14. When you do the arithmetic, you will find

this method of selling to be much more profitable than

the normal "payment-with-order" method of doing business.

15. It takes balls to do this.

Still with me? Good. I was going to stop

writing if you weren't.

Mushing on: Look, I said doing business this

way will likely triple your refund rate. But, I did not

say it has to triple your refund rate. And, what we are

going to do in this issue is examine various ways we can keep

your refund rate as low as possible.

First and foremost...

You Need To Have

A Great Product!

A great product doesn't eliminate refunds but,

it sure as hell cuts them way down. More than anything,

creating a great product is a matter of doing a lot of work.

If it would normally take 40 hours to create the type of

information product you have in mind...

consider putting 100 hours into the development

of your product!

Do you have any clue how much work I put into

the writing of each issue of this newsletter? Of course you

don't. By the time I'm finished writing it, it reads so

easily, it seems like I just "dashed" it off. Not true. The

easier something is to read, the more work was put into the

writing of it.

If you care, you'll try to get every nuance

exactly right.

Remember in the last issue when I referred to

you as "Fishface"? Before I settled on that appellation, I

thought about referring to you as "Buckwheat," "Asshole,

"Dork," "Numnuts," "Yo-Yo," "Friend," "Neophyte," "Student,"

and dozens of others.

But "Fishface" just seemed to fit, didn't it?

It was just derogatory enough for you to know it truly was

Gary Halbert writing to you... but... it had a flavor of

"tongue-in-cheek" humor to it that reassured you I really do

have affection for you and I'm trying the best I can to help

you.

Incidentally, peppering these newsletters with

"Buckwheat," "Fishface," "Numnuts," etc. dramatically enhances

the learning experience. Those words are like a little "mental

pinch" that keep you more alert, create a little "emotional

jolt" and, liven up whatever message I'm trying to deliver.

But don't you try this. It's dangerous.

Especially with new customers. I only use this as an example

to help me explain... how... the more work you put into your

writing, the more valuable the results will be.

Don't copy me. In

fact, don't copy anyone. Concentrate more on content

than delivery. If the content is there, you can "farm out" the

job of putting it into words. However, without good content,

the best writer in the world can't produce a first-class

product.

You really can't make a silk purse out of a

sow's ear.

Remember the Antin brothers? Their newsletters

were such a blatant knock-off of mine, it dramatically

weakened the perceived value of them to nearly all their

readers.

Not only was their newsletter a knock-off, it

was a bad knock-off. I don't hate those guys. I

actually like them. But, reading their newsletters caused me

pain. It made me...

Embarrassed

For Them!

Onward.

Not only should you have a quality product...

You Should

Deliver It Fast!

And, by fast, I mean fast! Use next

day morning Fed Ex. Don't be an anal retentive like Mike

Goldstein (Hi, Mike!) and think you are adding to your

bottom-line by saving the $10.00 or whatever over what it

would have cost you to deliver it by parcel post or UPS

Ground.

What you are doing here is sowing "money tree"

seeds. All smart people value time way more than money.

Give your PWM quality... and... give it to him

now!

Bonding!

Nothing is as overlooked by today's marketers

as bonding. Get up close and personal

with your PWM customers!

Call them the same day you get their

order and thank them for doing business with you.

Call the day after they receive their product

and make sure they got everything.

Here's a trick I learned from Sam Kendes, the

most sour-faced man on earth. (Hi, Sam!) Check it out: You

keep an atlas of the United States beside your phone. When you

are talking to a customer from say... Akron, Ohio... you find

out where Akron is in the Atlas (there'll be an icon of a

bowling alley where the city is) and you say...

"Hey, I notice you're from Akron. Isn't that

right near Barberton where Gary Halbert grew up?"

Look, if you do a little research, you can find

out something interesting enough about the city (or a nearby

city) where your PWM lives to get a conversation going.

This is an example of bonding.

Want another? You don't? Well, to hell with you

then. I'll go ahead and tell you a little about my trip to Rio

last year. First of all, there are seven women for every man.

The women are all highly sexed and they will... WHAT?

Oh, you do want another example of bonding? I'm sorry.

I must of "misheard" you.

OK, you wait until a week has passed since your

customer received your product. Then you call him and tell him

you just received a shipment of what may be the world's best

putters and you are sending him one free. No strings attached.

(This assumes you are selling an info product about golf.)

Then, do it.

A week or two later, send him a totally

unexpected, expensive gift like a large, hard-bound book that

is a guide to the best golf courses in the world.

Bonding. It works miracles. And, the best

bonding technique in the world...

Is To Sincerely Care

About Your Customers!

More ways to cut refunds...

Integrate A Celebrity

Into Your Product!

It's harder somehow to "stiff" Ernest Borgnine

than it is to stiff you... an unknown, anonymous stranger. By

the way, your celebrity doesn't have to be a star of stage,

screen or TV. It could be the mayor of your town. Or maybe the

police chief. Offer to donate $5,000 to his favorite charity

if he will introduce your product on video.

Hey, now here's a really neat trick:

Let's say your info product has to do with playing better

golf. Have one of your golf pro's (preferably a "name brand"

golfer like Chi Chi Rodriquez) send a personal letter to your

customer referencing his town and the golf courses near him.

Imagine getting a letter from Chi Chi that says...

Dear Mr. Everett,

I don't know if you've ever played the Fairlawn

Divot Course on Market Street. But, since you live in Akron, I

thought maybe you play there once in a while.

Anyway, if you ever do play there, watch out

for the 11th hole. It's a par three, dog-leg-left and it's

only 140 yards. But, since the wind there is almost always

coming straight off the tee, the tendency for most golfers is

to "underclub" the hole.

Usually, for 140 yards I use an eight iron but,

when I'm playing Fairlawn Divot, I always use a seven iron on

that darn 11th hole. Also, etc., etc., etc.

More?

Notify Your Customer Of

A Really Valuable Gift He

Will Receive Two Weeks From Today!

If you've been following the time-line I've

outlined... this is... one full week after the date his check

is cashable!

Hey, you never heard stuff this good

from any other marketing guru, now did you?

Damn, I'm good. You know, when God made me...

I Think He Was Just

Showing Off!

Oh shut up, you humorless twit. Would you like

for me not to be arrogant? Gee, then I could write

vapid shit like Hershell Gordon Lewis or Jeffrey Lant. Oh,

excuse me, that's DOCTOR Jeffrey Lant!

Now, there's a true case of "arrogance

without substance." Strip away the initials after this

idiot's name (which is all he's got to credentialize himself)

and what you've got left is a virtual parody of

professionalism. Call this guy often and tape the

conversations. Then you'll have a product you can sell to

people who create sitcoms and need tapes to play when they

need to create a laugh track.

Hey, can I be bitchy or what? Mama always told

me I had a highly developed feminine side. For what it's

worth, I think DOCTOR Jeffrey Lant has a very highly

developed "feminine side."

Enough. It's no fun to go after this guy. He's

too easy a target.

Focus Halbert, focus! I can see all you

readers out there waiting for my next morsel of wisdom. In my

mind's eye, you look like little baby birds looking up at me

with beaks open.

Never fear. I love you all. I really do. So,

let's see if I can drudge up another "worm of wisdom"? Hah!

How about this one?

You Form A Bond

With A Hungry Banker And

Make Arrangements For

Him To Give You

"Expedited" Check Cashing!

When your customers postdate their checks 30

days, they won't write "last day to cancel payment on check

to Video Golf Instruction" on their calendar or day timer.

People are careless. They don't play "heads up" ball with

their personal lives. Don't you be sloppy! As they used

to say in the MP's, "You need to

'snap shit' in all your business affairs."

Anything else? Lord, I could run on forever

here. So, I'll give you one more morsel in my never-ending war

to try and get your pathetic mind in gear.

Consider Selling

Your Receivables To

A "Factor"!

After you've got some history selling your info

product, there are plenty of people (thousands) who would love

to have you assign your postdated checks to them. Let's say,

using what you've learned in this letter, you're able to

reduce your refund rate to 15%. Let's say your factor gives

you 70% of the value of checks. That's a great deal!

But why? We were talking about a 30% refund

rate... and now... by using a factor, once again, we are only

collecting 70% of our gross sales. But, there's a BIG

difference. You see, now...

We Are Getting

Our Money

Immediately!

Which lets us expand our business much, much

faster.

Aw, forget it. G'wan back to

"Baywatch."

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"Modesty Personified"

P.S. I may write the best newsletter...

but... I don't write the only really, really good one.

If you're not reading Dan Kennedy's No B.S. Marketing

Letter, you should be. He's got some brilliant

observations. It's good stuff. (Even though he stole it all

from me.)

Just kidding, you dummy. You can (and

should) subscribe to Dan's letter by calling (602) 997-7707.

P.S.#2 Would you like to hire me to speak in

front of your group? I'm not a cheap date... but... I

really deliver! If you're interested, call (305) 534-7577

and leave a message for Theresa (my Godsend) to call you back.

That's it for this month. Go out and

get'em, little fishie. Maybe the swim will be all upstream...

but... succeed or fail, just making the attempt makes you a

man in my eyes.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2002 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.