SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zjkj_by_the_numbers.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:06
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

W-A-Y West of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

"There

I Was At 15,000

Feet, Both Engines On

Fire And My Parachute

In The Laundry. . . .

You ever feel like that? You've got a

marketing emergency on your hands and you've got to solve it right

now!

Listen: I get calls nearly every day from

people who need instant marketing solutions. They're not

copywriters and they have no advertising experience. They

don't trust ad agencies (and rightly so) and they haven't the

luxury of enough time to become grounded in marketing theory

by reading Robert Collier, Claude Hopkins and so on. In fact,

they have no desire to become marketing experts. No. It's just

that every "expert" they've ever hired has

disappointed them and, since I'm usually too booked up to do

any new jobs on a "right now" basis, they want to

know... "What

should I do?"

"Do

it by numbers," I tell them.

Here's what I mean. Look: If you have a good

product or service, you probably already know exactly how to

sell it when you are talking to someone during a

"one-on-one" situation. Whether you are talking to

someone in person or, perhaps, on the telephone, it probably

doesn't matter; my bet is you know exactly what words to use

and what buttons to push to most impress your prospective

customer.

Am I right? Aha, I thought so.

However, here is a curious fact: most people

who are very good in a personal selling situation "freeze

up" when it comes to transferring their sales pitch to

the printed word.

Or else they struggle to "get

creative."

Forget that rubbish. Here's a better way. The

first thing you do is you begin to record

(with the other party's permission) all of your conversations

whenever you are talking to one of your prospects on the

phone. Keep doing this until you are able to forget

you are doing it. Why? The reason is simple. You see, at

first, when you are aware

that what you are saying is being recorded, you will stifle

yourself. You'll try to make sure what you are saying is

grammatically correct. Or you'll try to be clever. Or more

dramatic. Or less dramatic.

Or whatever.

But if you keep doing it long enough, you'll

eventually forget about the damn tape recorder and you'll

revert to being your own natural wonderful self and you'll

deliver your usual compelling sales presentation.

And hopefully, after awhile, we'll have a

recording of you talking to a prospect when you are at

"concert pitch."

Goody. But what's next? This: What we do next

is take that recording to a typist and have it transcribed.

Then, after it has been transcribed, we take a copy of that

typed transcription and number each one of the paragraphs. By

the way, for our purposes, a paragraph is one or more

sentences that express a single idea or aspect of a subject.

O.K., now let's say we have the first draft of

our "sales-pitch-in-print" and it contains 47

paragraphs and you have duly numbered them 1 through 47.

Next, we carefully go over each one of these

paragraphs and give each of them another

number that is based on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being the

highest. What we are doing here is "ranking" each

paragraph as to how much favorable influence that paragraph

has on our prospect. For example, let's say we are pitching a

31 foot Bertram sportfishing boat (one of the best) and we

know from previous experience that our customers are very

interested in the fact that the boat has a wide beam and a

hull configuration that makes it extremely seaworthy and very

uninterested in the fact that it comes with matching

curtains and towels.

So, let's say the paragraphs about the

seaworthiness of the boat get a rank of 8 and the ones about

matching curtains and towels get a ranking of 2.

Whatever. So, what we've got now is a

"sales-pitch-in-print" that is 47 paragraphs long

and wherein each paragraph has been rated for wonderfulness on

a scale of 1 to 10.

Now, what I want you to do next is to cut out

all those paragraphs with a pair of scissors and divide them

into three groups. The first group will consist of those

paragraphs that describe the benefits of owning a Bertram and the second group will consist of

those paragraphs that tell "interesting

facts" about the boat. The third group will be those

paragraphs that don't say anything

about the Bertram or else paragraphs that do not advance your

sales presentation in any way whatsoever.

Now, throw the third group away and arrange

the other two groups in rank from 10 on down. Next, throw out

all paragraphs with a rating of 5 or less. Next, rewrite the

remaining paragraphs. But BEWARE: don't change them much.

Just more or less "clean them up." Take out the ers

and ums, the redundant words and sentences and sort of tighten

up your sentence structure and grammar.

Let us press on. What I'd like you to do now

is try to forget you are trying to write an ad or a sales

letter. Instead, what I want you to do is to concentrate on

writing a memo.

A long memo.

Write it to someone you can easily visualize

in your mind's eye, someone who is a good prospect for a good,

relatively cheap sportfishing boat. Someone extremely

good-looking and modest.

Someone like me, Sir Gary of Halbert, Ace of

Space, Prince of Print, Count of Cable and all around Bon

Vivant.

Your memo should read something like this:

Memo

Dear Gary,

I hear you are

looking for a good, seaworthy, sportfishing boat.

Listen: I've

got a good one for sale. It's really a humdinger. Here

are seven interesting facts about this boat:

1.

(Insert highest ranked interesting fact.)

2.

(Insert second highest ranked fact.)

3.

(Insert third highest ranked fact.)

4.

(You've got the idea, right?)

5.

(Ditto)

6.

(Et Cetera)

7.

(and so forth)

Hey, Gary, what

about those apples? Maybe now, you can see why

this particular boat is such a honey. There are many

benefits to owning a boat like this. Here are five of

the main ones:

1.      (Insert paragraph on

highest ranked benefits of

owning this boat.)

2.

(Insert second highest ranked paragraph.)

3.

(Ditto)

4.

(Et Cetera)

5.

(and so forth)

Well anyway,

Gary, those are just a few of the "highlights"

about the wonderfulness of this boat but, actually,

there are many more reasons it makes sense for

you to own a vessel like this and I'd love to explain

them to you in person.

So here's the

deal. I know you're busy, what with all your clients and

writing your newsletter and scuba diving with Paulette

and so forth, so I'm gonna give you a chance to digest

this memo and then, in a few days, I'll give you a call

and see if you are interested.

In the

meantime, if you want more info sooner, you can call me

at (000) 000-0000.

By the way,

I love your newsletter and I really enjoy reading

it every month in spite of your conceited, egomaniacal

ramblings.

Sincerely,

Joe Subscriber

An Astute Student

Now listen: I want to know something. It is this: Did you

think that little "lesson" was a bit too simple? If so, you are

doing yourself a great disservice. You see, if you can grasp the essence of

what I've just imparted, you will have learned an enormously

important marketing lesson.

Here is that lesson:

Forget Trying To

Be Creative!

Forget Trying To

Be Clever!

Stop Worrying About

Those Awards You'd

Like To Win!

Hark unto me: Your job is not to be creative, clever or win

awards. No. Your job is to sell, damn it.

Selling is not yelling. Selling is not tricks. Selling is an

impressive, forceful communication of facts and benefits. What I have just

taught you is a far cry from being the end-all and be-all of how to create

advertising. However, that simple little process of recording your

person-to-person sales presentations and then, transferring them to paper as I

have outlined works far better than trying

to "dream up" some award winning vapidness.

Check this out: There's a

guy named Bruce Horovitz who writes a column on marketing which appears in the

Business Section of the Los Angeles Times every Tuesday. Recently, on June

9th, one of his articles was about a gentleman named Sean Kevin Fitzpatrick

who is executive vice president and creative director of an ad firm named

Cambell-Ewald Co. The article is about Fitzpatrick's "Heartbeat of

America" commercial (which consists mostly of a catchy song) that he

created for the Chevrolet division of General Motors.

The article tells how "successful" this campaign is

and how Chevrolet's current series of car and truck ads have been nominated

for 10 Clio awards.

It's a stupid commercial.

In fact, this campaign is so stupid it would appear to me that

Fitzpatrick doesn't even know what advertising is.

(Or at least what it's supposed to be!)

Advertising is not to remind someone of your existence; it is not songwriting,

dancing bears, and tricky words and catchy music.

No! Good advertising is simply....

Salesmanship Multiplied!

I don't know how much money has been wasted on this moronic

campaign. However, I do know that, according to this same article that, during

the first quarter of 1987, Chevrolet sales are down

12.1% compared to what they were last year!

Is it any wonder?

But you know what? People who can't produce results often get very

creative when it comes to creating cop-outs. And, in the ad business, if you

can't produce sales, what you do is you tell your client that you are building

his "image." You can tell him how all this money he's spending will

pay off sometime in "years-to-come."

Listen to this quote from another "advertising

expert" in the same article: "But this campaign can't be measured in

short-term results. It is an image building campaign. Image is the key issue

of the car market.. blah, blah, blah."

What garbage. You know what Fitzpatrick should have done

instead of writing a song? It's simple: he should have found out who the 10

best Chevy salesmen are in the entire U.S. Then, he should have met with these

men and watched them sell cars and he should have recorded

their sales presentations and taken notes.

And then, he should have created an intelligent campaign built

around the best parts of those effective sales presentations!

Maybe this guy deserves to win a Grammy

but he sure as hell shouldn't get any awards based on his ability to create

advertising that sells cars!

Oh, well. I suppose if it wasn't for guys like him, there

wouldn't be so much demand for guys like me.

Onward. Look, I'm coming to the close of this month's letter

and, before I do, I want to tell you about a couple of things that are not

directly related to marketing. I hope you'll bear with me. I'm going to tell

you about one of these items because it is so potentially important and the

other because it is so utterly delightful.

Item

1:

Back in the 70's, someone told me about a doctor who

became wealthy developing some industrial patents that were used in

Europe. Apparently, he used his wealth to set up a clinic in Paris to

treat patients and do research. However, when the Nazis invaded Paris,

he found it necessary to flee to the U.S. When he got here he set up

another clinic and began treating cancer patients and doing more

research.

Anyway, I met this man sometime in 1971 or 1972 and I

was very impressed with him. He showed me a book he had published with

remarkable before and after pictures of patients he had cured of

cancer. In fact, he autographed the book for me and he also showed me

letters from some of the authorities in "establishment

medicine" that said, in effect, that although his ideas may have

some merit, any real cure for cancer will come from the establishment.

What this doctor told me is that most MD's and

hospitals don't want to treat cancer patients the way he does because

it is too expensive and time-consuming.

Now, let's flash forward to a few days ago. I'm

sitting in my office when I get a call from one of my clients (an

international publisher) who says: "Gary I'm thinking about doing a book on this doctor in Manhattan.

He's 91 years old and he's been treating AIDS patients with a 100%

success rate!"

"Listen," I said, "is

this guy's name Revici?"

Well, guess what? It appears it's the same doctor I

met!

Now, hold on. I can't vouch for the truth of what you

have just read. And, it is very cruel to hold out false hope for

people who are seriously ill. However, I've heard enough about this

doctor from enough resources that, if you know someone with AIDS, you

might suggest they check this guy out. He runs the Institute of

Applied Biology in Manhattan and the number is (212)976-9669.

Once again, I'm not saying all this is true. I'm just

saying it seems worthy of investigation.

Item

2:

I had dinner last Saturday

with an old scuba buddy of mine and he introduced me to an incredible

restaurant that specializes in Southern cooking. This restaurant is

called "AUNT KIZZY'S BACK PORCH" and it is owned by a black

couple named Adolf and Mary Dulan. Let me tell you, Adolf Dulan

absolutely bends over backwards to see that his guests are happy. It

is a real joy to see a man with this much grace and caring.

And the food? It is, quite simply, the best I've ever eaten in any

restaurant anywhere in the world.

Period.

By the way, don't look for fancy decor. AUNT KIZZY'S is located at

4371 Glencoe Avenue which is in the Villa Marina shopping center

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"The very most

semi-handsome

ad man

who ever lived."

P.S.

Someone once

said that if all my newspaper ads were being run by

one company (instead of separate clients) that that

company would be the third largest newspaper

advertiser in the U.S. I don't know if that statement

was true back when it was uttered but I sure as hell

have created a lot of newspaper ads that have produced

phenomenal

results!

Want to know some of my secrets? Tune in next

month. I dare say Bruce Horovitz won't have revealed

any of them by then.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.