SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zjkl_whats_good.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:30
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

I must confess, I've changed my mind about

what I was going to write about in this month's newsletter.

Why? The answer is simple. You see, last month

I invited all my subscribers to write a car ad (mostly, just

for practice) and send it to me. I told them I would award a

nice prize to whoever wrote the best ad. Well, so many people

have sent in their ads -- and so many of them are so good -- I've decided it would be very helpful (from a copywriting

point of view) if I told you what's good about the best of

them.

First of all, one of the ideas I try to hammer

home over over and over is that... copywriting is secondary to

the creation of a powerful, believable offer. And so, the

first ad I'm going to discuss here is one that did not win

because it is not the most "well-written" and, after

all, this is a copywriting

contest. However, this particular entry contains perhaps the

best ideas of everything

submitted. And, when push comes to shove, I'd rather have a

great idea man on my team any day, as opposed to having a

great copywriter. So, I want to respectfully tip my hat and

congratulate...

Ronald Brekke...

who gave as a reason

for selling his car that he got involved in a tax shelter that

went bad and the IRS stung him with $6,000 in back taxes plus

$6,000 in penalties. But you know what else he did? Something

that was pure genius? No.

Of course you don't so I'll tell you: To back up his claim, he

sent (in a plain white sealed envelope) a copy of his

"NOTICE OF UNPAID TAX" that was whomped on him by

the IRS. It's official looking as hell and it looks real

because it is real. I'm

reproducing it below:

Whoa! Now, how's that for drama? And even more

importantly, how's that for believability?

I've said it before and I'll say it again: The number one

reason people don't buy from you is they don't want what you

are selling. But, the number two

reason is...

They Don't Believe You!

Strive for believability. It is supremely

important.

But, that wasn't Mr. Brekke's only good idea.

No, sir. He also offered to buy

the car back from you if maintained properly because, in

fact, he really didn't want to sell it. And that's why, of

course, he was also offering $1,214 worth of free maintenance

while you drove the car so...

It Would Be In Great Condition

When It Was Time To Buy It Back!

He also was the only

contestant to think to send a "follow up" letter

and, in this pitch, he went on to explain how his situation

was even more dire because now the IRS was threatening to seize his property. And this time he

included (in the proverbial sealed envelope) the United States

Seizure Notice! See below:

And that's not all. He also sent a reprint of

a Reader's Digest article on "How You Can Save on Car

Insurance" which explains "six easy ways to lower

your premiums and still get the protection you need."

(Like maybe buying a car like Mr. Brekke's?)

He also offered a premium for the first 10

people who stopped to look at his car. The premium was a

booklet titled, "18 Major Health Discoveries to Add 10

Years to Your Life".

Like I said, Mr. Brekke did not win because

this was a copywriting contest but he did such a fantastic

job I've decided to give him a nice prize anyway!

(However, Mr. Brekke, you've got me

hooked and you don't get your prize until I get that booklet

on health discoveries.)

More good stuff. From Travis McFee, D.D.S. in

Salem, Oregon. He explains he'll sell his Chevy Caprice at

below Kelly Blue Book wholesale because he can't trade it in

because he (and a group of professionals) are banding together

to buy a bunch of Mercedes wholesale direct from Germany. And

then...

He Invites You To Get In On

That

Action If You Don't Want The Caprice!

Clever. Good thinking.

And here's a good reason for responding now to the P.S. of the sales letter written by Martin Choy...

"The trip to Lake Tahoe includes

reservations to see Frank Sinatra but reservations must be

confirmed within 10 days."

So why does Trapper John, M.D. (sounds like a

TV show, doesn't it?) say he is offering such a good deal on a

new luxury pick-up? Simply because...

He gave it to his kid as a graduation

present and the kid was not properly appreciative so he

(Trapper) wanted to teach the kid a lesson!

I've felt like that, haven't you?

Here's another good idea for getting action

now from the P.S. of the letter written by Kevin Brandes.

Kevin offers as a premium a free trip to the Indy 500 (he's

selling a Corvette) and his P.S. says:

"The free trip to the Indy 500 has

to be confirmed because of the airlines being booked

solid...

A really

well-written ad (from a copywriting point-of-view) was sent in

by Lynn Stratford. Lynn is selling a 1950 Studebaker (I wonder

if it's blue and white like the one my Dad had?) and he makes

some very good points including:

*

This beauty will never depreciate in value -- only

appreciate. (That's what's called an investment.)

*

He offers to pay your dues to join the Studebaker's

Driver's Club.

*

He says he'll give you a shop manual and six catalogs

that'll tell you where to get all the parts you need for this

beauty.

This one is really a rock-solid, exceptional

piece of work but it irritates me because now I'm seriously

thinking about buying this car myself!

David C. Smith of Laguna Beach sent in a good

letter to sell his 450 SLC Mercedes that comes complete

with...

A Car Phone!

Nice touch!

You know, I can hardly imagine I would ever

want to own a Gremlin but the sales letter written by Robert

Robinson in Washington, DC really had me on the ropes. This

letter is a borderline masterpiece and by the time he's done

you really do wonder why

he's willing to sell it! Here's how he explains it:

"The truth

is I need $2,000 to use as a down payment on a piece of

property. I plan to renovate and sell this property for a

$12,000 profit (minimum) all within six months.

As soon as I close this deal I will give you (the happy owner

of a classic blue Gremlin) a phone call asking to purchase the

car back for $3,200. This will give you a $1,200 profit for

just driving a beautiful car. Let

me say that you are not obligated in any way to sell the

car back to me at any time, but it just may be a future

convenience for both of us."

Very, very good.

Don Brown, a preacher from Kerman, California

did an excellent job writing his letter and he's one of only

two of my subscribers who thought to include a photo of the

vehicle (station wagon) he wants to sell.

Why didn't the rest of you think to do this?

Shame, shame.

Here's a sample of some of the excellent

copywriting done by Danny Van Meter of Klamath Falls, Oregon:

(Klamath Falls?)

"I could take it in to a dealer

but, to be honest, I'd rather deal with a real human being

instead of some guy in alligator shoes who is more interested

in how much commission he's going to make off me than to make

a fair deal for all."

Excellent work.

Linwood Austin of Santa Barbara, California is

the only contestant who used a particularly valuable ploy

which I've always found to be useful: "...if you are not

going to take advantage of this offer, call me to let me know.

Then I will feel free to offer it to one of the other rental

companies..."

Good thinking, Linwood!

One of the best letters of all was submitted

by Nina Harper of Long Beach, California:

"There is not a single ding in the

paint. The interior is immaculate

and has never been smoked in." (Great point!)

"Ordinarily, I wouldn't consider

selling this car, however circumstances force me to do so. I

am in escrow to buy a business and I'm selling everything that

isn't nailed down to come up with the payment."

Way to go, Nina!

Look, I'm running out of space and I want to

reproduce the winning letter before I close. However, I would

like to at least acknowledge some of the other entries that

were very, very good. One of them came from Mark W. Goggin who

owns Golden State Envelope in Los Angeles. (By the way, I highly

recommend him if you need to buy envelopes and his number

is 213/461-3044.)

Let's see now... who else did a good job?

Well, there's R. Quinn of Forth Worth, Texas. Ken Jensen of

Mesquite, Nevada. Allen Merkley of Long Sault (Long

Sault?), Ontario. Thelma J. Larson of Covina, California.

John A. Van Koevering of Las Vegas. Philip S. Bushee of

Burlington, Vermont (sent $5 as a grabber!). Kenneth W.

Ritchie of Summit, New York. Norman Kominsky Jr. of Paulsboro,

New Jersey. Dave Gregory of Thousand Oaks, California (great

writing). Geoffrey B. Cook of Jameston, Rhode Island. Dawar A.

Shah of West Covina, California. John App of San Juan

Capistrano, California.

And the winner is...

But wait! Before I tell you I want to make an

observation. It seems to me that, often, the people who had

the most writing ability did not come across as sincere as

some of the letter writers with less facility. Some of the

letters were well-written but "cute". And, they were

tarnished by an obvious

attempt to be clever.

Enough of that. Now, in my judgment, the best

letter of all was submitted by a guy from Kirkland, Oregon

named:

Don Jenne

His headline is virtually irresistible and his

copy, although short, is absolutely

compelling! And, I tell you, whoever is in charge of

marketing this new car is a fool

if they don't hire this man. Here's his letter:

Amazing Car Of The Future Uses No Gas,

Oil Or Water!

The car of the future has zero pollution,

uses not a cent of gasoline and require no tune-ups or oil

changes. The only maintenance required are things like brake

work, wheel alignment and tires.

Today, 20% of the car business is from the

sales of new cars and 80% comes from the parts and repair

industry. The introduction of this car will turn this upside

down. The bottom line is that this is a car you won't have to

worry about. The original prototype required less than $1,000

spent on maintenance in seven years of driving. This amazing

car can travel 100 miles an hour, go 400 to 500 miles on a

battery charge and never needs a tune-up. The car will be

featured in a 1990 James Bond-type film like the Aston Martin

in Goldfinger.

The car will be for sale early next year.

The first model will be a futuristic sports car followed by a

mini-van and a passenger sedan. Does driving one of these cars

interest you? Or, would you like to become a dealer? The car

itself is so spectacular that all you have to do to sell it is

drive it. Grab yourself a piece of the future by calling

206/823-8539 or send $75 for an extensive information package

including a video and dealer information. Send to: Don Jenne,

13307 103rd Lane N.E. #H101, Kirkland, WA 88034.

Great job,

Don! We'll be contacting you soon about your prize and, I want

you to know, you've won out over some monstrously stiff

competition.

Congratulations!

Oh, and there's just one more thing. Listen,

you klutz: You sent your letter in handwritten

which means it almost didn't get read.

Don't do that ever again, Don. It is truly

hiding your flame under a basket. It's like Rachael Welsh

wearing a mu-mu.

Oh well, nobody's perfect.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"The Teacher of Titans"

P.S.

I have

doubts. Maybe Don shouldn't have won. Maybe I should've given

first prize to another entry which you will find by clicking

on the link below.  Read it and tell me what you

think.

Another

Entry Which Maybe Should've Won

P.P.S.

Next

month's letter will be something I've been working on for a

long time. It'll probably be the most useful

letter I'll ever write. It's one you'll want to keep with you

all the time and to use constantly as a money-making tool

extraordinaire!

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.