SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zjlk_personal_computer.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:32
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend &

Subscriber,

I intended to write this newsletter and mail

it to you about two weeks ago.

The reason I'm not writing it until now is, so

many things have been changing and, changing for the better.

I kept getting more and more info I wanted to include. But, I

can't wait any longer. Sometimes, you can have too many good

developments in your life that, even one more good development

is not welcome because you've got too much on your plate

already.

Too much is too much no matter what.

Sometimes, having a zillion good options leaves you

immobilized rather than energized because, you get to thinking

maybe the option you've chosen is absolutely fantastic but,

the other one sitting over in the corner might even be

better... so... frozen with indecision... you end up making

the worst choice of all... which is, of course... no choice.

To hell with it. I'm just going to start

writing.

First, for years a substantial percentage of

my subscribers have wanted to know how to make money with a

personal computer. So, what I'm going to start out with here

today is to tell you exactly how to do that.

There are all kinds of formulas for effective

marketing but, for decades, the most dependable has

been a two-step formula that works like this: You run a little

classified or display ad in a newspaper or magazine. Maybe

it'll say something like this:

Free Report Reveals How To Make $5,000

Per Day By Reading The Classified Ads In Your Local Newspaper!

This report is 100% free. All you have to

do is write your name, address and the words

"Free Report" on a piece of paper and send

it to:

ABC Publishing

123 Elm Street

Massillon, OH  44646

OK, this causes "x" number of people to send you a

short letter to get your free info. Then, what you do is, send

them a long letter (the free report) which gives them

some info and gets them excited enough that they want more...

which... they can get by the simple expedient of buying

another report from you which gives them the real

scoop.

There's dozens of variations of this formula.

You can generate leads by radio and TV instead of printed

media, you can generate leads now via the Internet (you shouldn't,

just yet), your "sales letter" can be a free

recorded message, a video tape or an audio tape. Maybe the

people can call for the free info instead of write for it.

Whatever.

But basically, it's all the same formula.

Inexpensive lead-generating ads followed by long, intense,

detailed sales presentations.

Let's do a little math: Say it costs you

$100.00 to run your lead-generator ad. Say it works pretty

well and you get 100 replies. Say it costs you about two bucks

to capture each name, print, get all the lettershop work done

and mail out your sales letters. Alrighty, now you've spent

$300.00 so far. Let's say you are selling your report for

$19.95 plus $3.00 shipping and handling and, after all

fulfillment costs, you have a gross net of $15.00 per sale.

From your 100 sales letters, you get five sales or, after

fulfillment costs, $75. Deduct that from the 300 smackers you

shelled out to buy the leads and mail your letters, you're in

the hole $225.00.

Well, shit, that sucks, doesn't it?

Let's double the response from those

100 letters. Now, we've got 150 fungolas after fulfillment

costs and we're only down $150. Still no good. Let's triple

the response to where we are getting 15 orders from those 100

sales letters. At a net of $15 per order times our 15 orders,

we've got after fulfillment $225 which, when subtracted from

our inescapable $300 "get going" costs, we're still

down $75.

Let's jack up our response once again. Now,

we're getting 20 orders from our 100 sales letters. At $15 per

order after fulfillment costs times 20 orders, we've got $300.

Not counting our time, we are finally at break-even. Do you

understand the significance of what you've just read? Don't be

too sure. Maybe you've got it but, just in case you're a true

dimwit like Brad Antin or someone like that, please let me

make it perfectly clear...

We Are Still Not

Making Money Even

Though We Are Getting

A 20% Response!

Let's change things: Let's pretend, for a

moment, it doesn't cost us anything to send our sales letters.

We've still paid out $100 for the lead-generating ad. This

time, however, since there isn't any cost for mailing our

sales letters, when we get our 20% (20 orders) at a net gross

of $15 per order, we've got $300 after fulfillment, and when

we subtract the $100 we paid for the lead-generating ad, we've

got $200 left as profit.

We would've also made a profit with a 15%

response!

We would've also made a profit with a 10%

response!

We would've also made a profit with a 7%

response!

Now, if you really, really honestly want to

make money on the Internet with all the bullshit taken out of

it, here's what you do: (1) Run a good, cheap little

lead-generating ad, and...

Run It In Print!

A newspaper. A magazine. Don't run it on the

'Net. You're not ready for that yet. You can make a lot

of money getting leads from the 'Net but, don't try to do it

until you're ready.

Next, you write and then type up the best

sales letter you can. Then, you upload that letter to a

website you have created for you. For the moment, stop

thinking about a website as a website. Think of it as a letter.

Make your website "Plain Jane." No graphics. No

photos. No animation. Nothing that moves.

Website "specialists" are like yellow-page ad

"specialists." They are like people who design

glossy brochures for your business printed in full-color so

you will look "professional."

All Of That Detracts

From Sales!

Another little thing: Make your website/letter

easy-to-read. That means high-contrast. Don't put blue words

against a purple background. I am constantly amazed at how

much money (zillions) is spent on advertising which is almost

impossible to read. If you have a computer and, you haven't

done it recently, go to my website www.ghlstockalert.com.

Notice how easy it is to read? Black type on a yellow

background is the easiest-to-read color combination you can

use. Near the end of the site it says something about a

"red-hot" little stock. Notice how

"red-hot" is printed in red and how it stands out?

It does so because I use color so sparingly. If you fly

over a GM manufacturing plant and look down and see 10,000 red

cars, you won't notice any one of them in particular. However,

if 9,999 of those cars are white... and... only one of them is

red...

You Will Notice That Car!

Now listen: The first time you try to

use this formula, don't let any of your customers order any

way except by phone. Use closing copy something like this:

"Before you

decide to buy this product, there is one more

important thing about it you should know. This is

something we don't publish on the Internet because we

only want our customers to have this particular piece

of little-known info. So, if you are interested, whip

out your credit card and call us at (000) 000-0000

during normal working hours and we'll give you this

extra little piece of critical info."

Is this the best way to sell stuff on the

'Net? No. Is it the best way for a beginner to sell something

on the 'Net? Yes. If you've been using a computer for 20-years

and, you are still not making money with it, you are a beginner.

Here's another idea for a lead-generating ad:

Is This Fair?

Did you know people with a personal computer get

much lower prices when they have their carpets cleaned than

people who don't have a computer? The reason this is true is

legal but, it is not fair. You can find out why (if you have a PC) by going to:

www.dumbjoe.com

By the way, what I just wrote may or may not work. That doesn't matter. What

does matter is you've just been given an idea which should "spark"

your imagination.

We know lots of people will read this little ad and they'll go

to your website and the first thing they see is a black headline

electronically printed against a yellow background. It says:

The Amazing Reason People With Personal Computers

Pay Less

To Get Their Carpets Cleaned Than People Without PC's In Their Homes!

Underneath that headline is a sales letter... that looks

like a sales letter that explains using a website (properly) to get new

customers lowers advertising costs which we here at Dumb Joe's Carpet Cleaning

pass on to our customers, etc., etc., etc., blah, blah, blah, and so on.

How much should it cost you to set up this website? About

$160.00 if you do it yourself and about $300.00 if you have someone else do

it.

Why should you only take orders by phone at the beginning?

Because, probably, you don't know how to write a really good sales letter. Few

people do. Just by talking to a hundred or so of your customers or prospects

will, I guarantee you, make your

next sales letter much more effective.

What about running your lead-generator in print instead of on

the 'Net? Here's the reason: The leads you get from print are going to be of much

higher quality than those you get from the 'Net... and... you're going to need

the highest-quality leads possible until you can write really good sales

letters. Plus, the thing which will bring you closer the fastest to having a

big success is, have a little success first. No matter how little either. Just

doing something that makes you a true $50 profit after all expenses makes you

a Player. Maybe just an "embryo" Player... but... that

doesn't matter. You'll be on your way. Think about it: You're six feet tall;

where you that tall all your life? Of course not. When you were born, you

weren't even two feet tall. But you had to be "born" before you

could grow up, didn't you? That's what I'm trying to do with you here as far

as selling via computer goes. All I'm trying to do (it's a lot) at this

point is...

Get You Born!

What's that? You say you already know how to write or at least

recognize a good sales letter? What horseshit. I bet you couldn't recognize a

good sales letter if it fell out of the sky, landed on your face and riggled.

In fact, I bet you don't even know what you get if you give Viagra to a

porcupine.*

Here's a test: Joe Polish sent out a mailing to promote a

seminar. Unlike most of Joe's promotions, this one, for whatever reason,

didn't get him enough seminar attendees. He needed emergency help. He

called me. I wrote the following letter and he sent it immediately to his

entire list which has a sizable percentage of Halbert fans. Read it now:

Dear Friend,

As you can see, there is a $1.00 bill attached to

the top of this letter.

Why? Well, my name is Gary Halbert and attaching

a dollar bill to letters is a trick I've been using for years whenever

I absolutely must get someone's attention.

Like now.

You may not know it but, in a way, you hold the

key to how happy I'm going to be this summer.

Listen: as you probably know, Joe Polish and I

have been best friends for several years. But, there is a lot of

differences between us. For one thing: he's thirty and I just turned

sixty.

But, you know what?

In spite of that, I can still bench press more than him. I've got just

as much energy as he does too. And personally, I think I'm actually

sharper than him. In fact, to tell the truth, in spite of our 30-year

age difference, there's only one area where he has an edge on me. And,

now he doesn't even have that edge anymore. Why? I can tell you in one

word:

Viagra!

So what's this got to do with you?

I'll be happy to explain. Look, you know Joe is a

sharp guy... and... you know he has taught thousands of carpet

cleaners how to make a ton of extra money. You know, he's a very sharp

marketing guy.

But, sometimes, he gets to thinking he's better

than he is. Sometimes, he actually thinks he's as good as me. We were

having an argument last week and I got really pissed off so, I finally

told him:

"If I

wanted to, I could talk to any of your Piranha Members for just 45

minutes and, after that, they would know how to make more money in the

carpet cleaning business than they could learn from you in ten

years!"

"Prove

it," he said.

"OK, I

will," I told him, "only

this time I'm not gonna do it for free. This time you're going to have

to pay."

You see, because we are friends, I've never

charged Joe for me speaking at one of his boot camps or letting him

interview me or anything like that. But this time, it's going to be

different... because... you know what you do if you suddenly find out

you're an old man, you don't have a wife or girlfriend... and... God

has just given you an endless supply of Viagra? I'll tell you what you

do if you've got at least half a brain...

You Go To Rio!

That's what I'm gonna do and I'm going to sucker

Joe into paying for my entire trip.

Here's the deal: I don't know if you are signed

up for Joe's next boot camp or not but, you better be because here's

what I'm going to do. I'm going to be at the boot camp. I'm going on

last. In other words, I'm going to be the last speaker. By that time,

you will have heard everything Joe has to tell you. You'll have all

the handouts and all the free goodies that come with the boot camp.

You will have heard all the other speakers.

Then, I'm going to take the mike and I'm going to

teach you a few things you've never heard before. I'm going to reveal

money-making secrets Joe Polish has never dreamed about.

He doesn't even have a clue.

And, when I'm finished, if I have made good on

all this bragging, there's only thing I want you and all the other

boot camp attendees to do. I want you to stand up, applaud, stomp your

feet and start chanting:

"Rio! Rio!

Rio! Rio! Rio!"

And that's when Joe will know he has lost the bet

and my trip to "Heaven For

Elderly Men With Viagra" will be at his expense!

What if I fail? I won't... but... if I do... I

will literally crawl out of the room on my hands and knees with my

head bowed in shame and I will give Joe all the Viagra I've got left.

I'm serious. What I'm going to reveal at Joe's

next boot camp will literally change your life.

Plus, I don't ever intend to reveal these secrets

at any other boot camp.

So, if you're only going to attend one more

seminar in your life...

It Better Be This One!

Sincerely,

Gary Halbert

P.S.

If you absolutely, positively cannot make this boot camp, then

be smart enough to call Joe's office and reserve a set of the boot

camp tapes. You'd be crazy not to. By the way, his phone number is 800-275-2643.

How did that letter do? How many extra attendees did it get

for Joe's seminar? Write your guess down right here and now.

My

guess: _____________________

Now, read this next piece of writing also done by yours truly:

Stock

Of Tiny Nasdaq Company Likely To Explode Upwards Because Of

Just Released Story On CBS Evening News, Says GHLstockalert

Ocala,

FL   July 17/PRNewswire

- The following statement was released today by GHLstockalert:

"Guardian

Technologies International, Inc. (Nasdaq: GRDN) has shown itself to be

extremely sensitive to late-breaking news, largely ignored by most

investors.

"However,

for any investor paying attention, overlooked small-cap stocks like

this represent opportunity for breathtaking profits whenever major

media networks lavish attention on the very problems they solve.

"Guardian

Technologies manufactures and distributes bullet-proof vests and other

'soft-armor' products to law enforcement agencies, private security

firms, U.S. military organizations, and foreign defense forces. They

possess three patents on body armor, and have the much sought-after

contracts for providing products to the General Services

Administration of the U.S. government, all police departments in the

Washington Metropolitan Council of Governments, the Philippine Navy,

and numerous other police departments and private firms and

individuals worldwide.

"Despite

being one of the tiniest companies on the Nasdaq, they are still

high-profile because their chairman and CEO is Oliver North, who

earned notoriety as President Reagan's aide in the 1980's and now

commands a wide audience as the host of a controversial talk radio

show aired nationally. Regardless of your opinion of North, he knows

from his 22-year stint as a U.S. Marine what it's like to be under

fire (he has two Purple Hearts), and what it takes to protect a man

from a hail of bullets.

"Recent

bursts of activity in this stock occurred when the 'Bulletproof Vest

Partnership Act of 1998' was signed into law in June (providing $75

million for state and local law enforcement to purchase much-needed

body armor), and when news of Guardian's astonishing 1998 first

quarter revenue increase of 200% was announced in late May. However,

two current late-breaking news stories are dramatically boosting the

public's awareness of the need for even private citizens to secure

protection against armed criminals: (1) The announcement of the

Justice Department to appeal to the Supreme Court today to keep the

Secret Service from testifying overheard conversations by the

President, which Justice claims will increase the risk of

assassination; and (2) Last night's broadcast of the CBS Evening News

with Dan Rather, which focused on the astonishing availability of

deadly semi-automatic machine pistols to high-risk young criminals;

who are using them with deadly frequency against ordinary citizens.

"All

this translates to increased demand for Guardian's unique product line

as more and more private individuals with something to lose are

suddenly realizing their own need for armor. The products provided by

Guardian Technologies are not outrageously expensive, and are uniquely

designed to withstand direct hits from rifles, automatic pistols, and

even sub-machine guns. The patented technology allows these ultra-thin

life-saving body armor 'shields' to be light and comfortable to wear

under normal clothes without detection.

"With

these cutting-edge government-approved products, coupled with North's

high visibility and ability to reach millions with his radio show,

GHLstockalert believes today's news and network attention to

assassination and private citizen's vulnerability is going to force

investors to pay attention to Guardian. This company's recent growth

and acquisitions (most notably of N/S Microwave last month which has

the contract to provide security monitoring for the Goodwill Games

this summer) signal a new aggressiveness of this tiny company to take

immediate advantage of media coverage."

Is

there any reason not invest in Guardian Technologies? "Yes,"

says GHLstockalert, "this is a small, speculative, volatile

company that is definitely not a safe haven for your 'nest egg' money.

However, if you've got what it takes to shoot for the moon once in a

while, Guardian Technologies (Nasdaq: GRDN) just might give you the

most exhilarating ride of your life."

Source:

GHLstockalert

Contact: Eve Kincaid, GHLstockalert, 305-534-7577

Website: http://www.GHLstockalert.com

How did this one do? Did it get more people interested in

Guardian's stock? How many more? Write your guess here:

My

guess: _____________________

OK, the test is finished. Let's see how well you did.

What was your guess to #1, the "emergency" letter I

wrote to help Joe Polish get more attendees? How many more attendees did it

get him? Here's the answer:

0!

Not one. Zip. Nada.

Do you know why? If you think you do, you're wrong. The reason

is: You don't know. Neither do I. Remember: "Success has a thousand fathers but failure is an orphan."

It was a "killer" attempt. I knew when I wrote it I

would hit an out-of-the-park-homerun... or... I'd strike out as completely as

I do whenever I ask a pretty woman to have lunch with me.

Howzabout that release on Guardian Technologies? Did that one

work? Yep. Sure did. The day before the release was issued, the stock traded

100 shares. On the day the release went out, the number of shares traded

was...

540,100!

I'm gonna brag a little. (Boy, that's a surprise, isn't it?)

Anyway, here's my belief: Nobody in the world knows how to research stocks

like I do. Dow Jones (who publishes the Wall

Street Journal) has done three stories on me in just the last week. When

the young lady reporter came to my apartment to interview me, at first I was

inclined to brush her off. Then I changed my mind. After a bit of small talk I

said, "You know what? I don't give

a shit what you write about me. Come on over here and sit next to me at my

computer and I'll show you how easy it is."

Then I told her, "First

of all, this is the fastest computer in the world," (my modem speed

is 1,600,000K) "and here's how I

use it."

She was stunned. So would you be if you could sit next to me

and watch me work.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

Question: Right now, I send this

newsletter to you by first-class mail. Would you rather receive it by fax?

If so, drop us a line with your fax number.

Or, would you rather get it by e-mail? A good idea if you have a printer. A

bad idea if you don't. If you would like to get it by e-mail, drop us a line

with your e-mail address.

A final thought: If you ain't going to my website and getting your silly ass

signed up to be on my website mailing list, you are truly a dumb bunny.

Peace.

* Don King

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.