SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/newsletters/zkkk_killer_headlines.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:42
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

W-a-y West of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

My head hurts, my feet stink and I don't

love Jimmy Swaggert.

I don't want to be here at my desk

writing this letter. I want to be on my boat. Writing sucks. I

hate to write. Anybody who says they like to write is

either a degenerate liar or a social leper. Let's face it:

What kind of nerd wants to sit and struggle with a blank piece

of paper when he could be 60 feet underwater slaughtering

innocent fish... or... romancing his honey... or... going to a

movie... or... playing golf... or... reading what somebody

else has struggled to write...

Or anything!

Anything but writing. But alas,

judging from the calls on my electronic mailbox, the numero

uno subject my subscribers want me to write about is

writing.

So I am. Now, the first thing I want you

to know about writing (other than how much it sucks) is the

best way to get good at writing is...

By Writing!

I know that sounds like double-talk but,

it isn't. The biggest secret to writing well is simply work.

Just the act of doing it. For the moment, forget about getting

it perfect, forget about grammar, forget about syntax,

punctuation, etc.

Just sit down and start writing.

John D. McDonald was one of the best

writers of all time. He died in December of 1986 but,

fortunately, he left a legacy of some of the most memorable

fiction ever penned. In fact, I became literally addicted

to his Travis McGee series. (You will too once you read one of

them.) Anyway, when he was first getting started, he read

somewhere the average novelist didn't really hit his stride

until he had written about ten books. And so, what did

McDonald do? It's very simple: He wrote the equivalent of ten

novels in one year!

Listen: Writing does get easier.

However, starting to write does not. Therefore,

if you've got a job of writing to do, just sit down and

start.

Don't wait to get organized.

Don't wait for ideas or inspiration. Don't wait

until you "feel like it." (I never do.)

Just Start!

OK, enough of that. Now, it goes without

say, (but let's say it anyway), the kind of writing we're

concerned with here is, the kind that convinces people to

buy something. And that's the hardest kind of writing of

all. It's also the most profitable! You know, I

routinely get more for writing a single letter than most

authors get for writing an entire book.

Or sometimes, ten entire books.

So, let's get specific. To sell somebody

something, you've got to do four things. (1) You've got to

catch their attention. (2) You've got to capture their

interest. (3) You've got to arouse their desire.

(Sounds dirty, doesn't it?) and, (4) You've got to motivate

them to action. This, as many of you know, is called

the AIDA formula.

Attention

Interest

Desire

Action

Today, we're going to concentrate on

getting people's attention by learning how to write what I

call "killer" headlines. Hark unto me. Listen: If you want to

capture the attention of someone in a crowd, what's the best

way to do it? It's really quite elementary, My Dear Watson.

What you do is...

You Call Him By Name!

And, if you want someone riveted

to your sales letters, hook up with some outfit that can do

Admark or laser printing (or else use your word processor) and

put your reader's name in a headline printed at the top of the

sales letter you send him. Like this:

Ben Suarez Attempts Suicide

After Realizing He'll Never Be

As Good-Looking As Gary Halbert!

or...

Bill Bonner Fails To Hire The

Prince Of Print And Loses Millions!

or...

Frank Cawood Cashes In Big

By Mailing Unique

"Concept Letter" Developed By

California Madman!

or...

Jimmy Calano Changes His Will

And Leaves All His Millions

To Guru Gary!

or...

Alicia Evans Expresses Astonishment

At Seeing Her Name In Newsletter

Written By Demented Nerd From Ohio!

And so on. What I have just described is

the ultimate way to get attention in a sales letter. No

one, not even someone as blase` as Feeney Griffith, will

fail to perk up at seeing his or her name in print, especially

if it's unexpected.

Of course, we can't always use our

prospects' names in our headlines so, what are some other good

ideas? Here are three of the most powerful:

1.         Put news in your headline.

2.         Promise a benefit in your

headline.

3.         Do both of the above in the

same headline.

Here are some good words to use in

headlines. Announcing... At last... Now... Now, at last... How

to... Here are... 17-Ways to... The art of... The secret of...

A startling fact about... Amazing... New...

And so on. Now, here's a headline that

combines both news value and the promise of a benefit:

At Last! Scientists Discover New

Way To Look Younger In Just 17-Days!

There's much to be learned in the 13

words above. At Last!: Boy, that sure suggests

something we've been waiting for has finally happened, doesn't

it? Goody! Goody! Scientists: Yeah! Not just anybody;

not some know nothing bag lady living in the streets; not some

ad man or copywriter. No. No. We're talking about a select,

objective, hard-headed, analytical, totally honest group of

folks who validate our headline. Discover: Wow!

It seems to connotate research laboratories and maybe a

scientific breakthrough. New Way: Hussah! Hussah! We're

all questing for new ways continually, aren't we? New ways to

grow hair, get thin, make more money, etc. To Look Younger:

Ah, who is there among us over the age of 30 that wouldn't

welcome the achieving of this almost universally-sought after

benefit? In Just 17-Days!: More validation because it's

so specific. Claude Hopkins said it, "Generalities fall off

your readers like water off a duck's back." Or something like

that. Anyway, the specificity of 17-Days makes our

headline more believable, more easily understood and somehow,

more interesting. And, more real.

How important are headlines? I'm glad

you asked. Some pundits say the headline accounts for 80% of

the success of the ad. I, myself, have re-headlined ads and

increased their pull by 475%. I have a client who pays me

$195,000 per year to write headlines. Headlines are where I

spend more creative effort than any other aspect of my work.

Good headlines are crucial.

Let's take a breather so I can ask you a

question. What publication has the highest paid writers?

Answer: the National Enquirer. Yep, it's true. And for

good reason. You see, the writers for the Enquirer are

among the best anywhere on earth. I'm not being sarcastic.

They really are. If you doubt that, here's something

for you to consider...

More People Read Any

Single Issue Of The

Enquirer Than Have Read

The Bible Since It

Was First Printed!

Enquirer articles are superbly

written. They are clear, concise, crisp and, all in all, the

most easily understood articles of any publication.

And what do Enquirer writers

excel at above all else? You guessed it -- HEADLINES.

Their headlines are so powerful, they have so much "grabbing

power" that, every week, people who have sworn they'll never

again buy such a publication, are almost forced to

purchase it in spite of themselves.

So anyway, if the best way to get good

at writing is by writing, what is the best way to get good at

writing headlines?

That's easy... it's by writing

headlines.

Here's what you do: Every week you get

copies of the National Enquirer, Star, Globe, Weekly World

News and so on. And, on a monthly basis, you get copies of

Reader's Digest, Cosmopolitan and any other magazine

you can find that has lots of good headlines. And you get

yourself a large supply of 3"x5" index cards and you write all

those good headlines on those cards, one to a card.

By the way, a superb source of good

headlines is one of the reference reports included with my

seminar tapes. It's called:

349 Great Headlines

152 Attention Grabber Words

Sample Ads

Sample Letters

This is truly a "masterpiece collection"

of headlines and other ammo that should be a part of every

copywriter's library. Many of you (perhaps most) have my

seminar tapes and all the related material and those of you

who don't... should!

Call and order right now (323-851-8275)

and all this invaluable info will be on its way to you in a

matter of hours!

Forgive me, pitching is in my bones and

I just can't help myself sometimes. Especially, if I have a

strong belief in the product.

Whatever. OK, now we've got all these

hundreds of headlines on hundreds of headline cards and, in a

moment, I'm going to show you how to massage all this good

stuff to produce maximum results.

But first, a true story. Remember that

ad I sent with my newsletter a couple of months back? The one

where I said, when it comes to advertising I was the best

thing since sliced bread and, that to get me you had to shell

out $15,000 up front and offer me a substantial "carrot"

(usually 5% of gross sales) on the back end?

Alright. I get a call as a result of

that ad from a guy in Denver who says he would have no problem

paying me my $15,000 advance but the 5% part wouldn't work

since he's a furniture dealer (3 stores) and furniture is sold

at varying markups.

So I come back to him by asking what I'd

have to do for him to be worth $15,000 per month.

"Increase my business by 20%," he says.

"Send me my $15,000 advance and $15,000

more on the first of every month and I'll see to it you sell

every stick of furniture possible to sell in Denver," I say.

He did and I did.

Here's the way we work: First, you need

to know I now have these people on a schedule of 365 full-page

(newspaper) ads per year. In a week or so that schedule will

be bumped to about 400 pages per year and soon it will be 730

pages per year and later, when we hit 1,000 pages per year,

we're going to slack off.

By the way, all this is supplemented

with a steady stream of radio advertising and a little TV.

Now listen: There's no way in the world

I'm going to commit to writing hundreds of ads per year

and besides, I'll never now the furniture business as well as

my client.

So the way we work it is, I "theme" the

thrust of the advertising and I write headlines to go with

those themes. Then, my client writes the ads and faxes them to

me and I read them and make any necessary changes.

Does this M.O. work? Judge for yourself.

In the first two weeks after I came on board...

My Client Had To

Hire 10 New Full-Time

Employees!

And now, after the first six weeks,

their sales are up 40%. You know, that's quite a lot when you

consider...

They Were Already Doing

$14 Million Per Year!

I'd like to take full credit for all

this but I can't. In the first place, Sam and Leslie Fishbein

know the furniture business inside and out and Sam is truly a

superb copywriter.

By the way, all this seems to be working

out so well I think we're going to "syndicate" our advertising

by making our collective expertise available to one other

furniture dealer in each metro area throughout the U.S.

Back to the salt mines. OK, so right now

I owe Sam and Leslie some "themes" and headlines and, I'm

going to create them right here before your very eyes. What

I'm doing first is, I'm going to loosen up my mind by reading

some gag headlines written by Sam and his staff. I'm not doing

this just for laughs. No. I'm doing it to get my mind in gear

and to see if...

I Can Catch

A Spark!

Here are the headlines I'm looking at:

Modern Day King Tut Furnishes

Bizarre Backyard Burial Tomb With

Kacey Fine Furniture -- "I Want Only

The Best," He Explains, "Because

You Can Take It With You!"

Two Headed Woman Shops Kacey

Pregnant Woman Has A Cow

And Gets

Double Whiplash                                       When She

Sees Her Leather

Looking At

Bargains!                                                Sofa

For Less At Kacey's!w

Scientists

Reveal Elvis

Lives -- Close

Friends Confirm

King's Plan To

Redecorate

Graceland With

Kacey Fine Furniture!

Vampire

Stooped With Back                                  Siamese

Twins Come Unglued

Pain

Ditches Coffin For                                           Doing Double-Take

at

Kacey Bedding In Latest                                         Kacey Blockbuster Sale!

Attempt To

Rest-In-Peace!

Human Cannonball

Blown Away By

Kacey's

Explosive Price Cuts

And Soaring

Selections!

And so on. Hmn? This stuff is bizarre

even by my standards. But, it does serve to get the

juices flowing, doesn't it? Now, let's review some of the

actual headlines we've already used. Here's a few:

WARNING: Don't Hire Any

Interior Decorator Until

You Hear This:

Local Furniture Dealer Will

Give Away Over

One Million Dollars In

Discounts On Her

Entire Inventory (This July

4th Weekend)

Because Of Bulldozers Tearing Up Her Streets!

Need New Furniture?

5 Reasons Why You

Should                                     Extremely Low

Prices From Local

Not Shop At The

Store                                              Furniture

Store May Be Deemed

Mentioned

Below!

"Unfair" To Competition!

Who Else Wants To Buy

A                                       Do You Make These

Roomful Of

Furniture

Mistakes When You

Without Making

Payments                                       Shop For

Furniture?

For At Least 6 Months?

Are You Willing To

Walk Up

Local Businessman Swears Under

To 3 Blocks To Save As

Much                                   Oath He Did Not Steal Any

As 50% On All The

Furniture                                 Of The Furniture

He Is Selling

You

Need?                                                                      So Cheaply!

And so on.

OK, as promised a few pages ago, I am

now going to reveal the simple way to "massage" all this data

to come up with something new. First, I do what I just did.

Namely, I review what's already been done. Next, I get to my

own personal collection of "headline cards" and pick them up

and fondle them (I'm getting excited!) and look at them and

think about them and flip them out onto the floor like I would

a deck of cards and I cogitate and I remember...

I remember someone once said (was it

Justice Learned Hand?) that freedom of speech does not give

you the right to yell "Fire!" in a crowded theater. I remember

my headline must not only grab attention, it must also be true

and relevant. I remember Kacey Fine Furniture really does

have a problem with the street around their store being torn

up. I remember they really do have great furniture

(Paulette and I are buying a whole houseful from them) at

extremely low prices. I remember... Hey, I've got it! Check

this out:

The Amazing Secret Of The Local

Furniture Dealer Who Is Giving

Away All Those Free Samples!

See, what Sam and Leslie have is some

really neat coffee tables they got such a deal on they can

afford to give them away to all new buyers and their amazing

secret is they've discovered by offering a free premium to

induce you to come in and buy and then giving rock-bottom

prices to keep you happy, you'll be a loyal customer forever

and... and...

The Competition Won't

Have A Chance!

And, as usual, when Sam Fishbein does

his usual brilliant job of "fleshing out" this idea, we'll

have, I believe, another winner.

And now that I've finished my newsletter

for this month and developed another "theme" and

headline for the Fishbeins, I ask you...

Wasn't That A Nifty

Way To Kill Two Birds

With One Stone?

Amen.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"The Hemingway of Headlines"

P.S. I just took on the marketing job of selling

an album that contains the earliest ELVIS Presley concert ever

recorded. Wait till you see that ad!

P.P.S.  Damn, I'm good.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2002 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.