SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zkza_nuggets.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:27
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend & Subscriber,

Next month (September), I am going to send you

a newsletter which will leave you no

excuse whatsoever for not

getting rich.

But, you know what? Money doesn't

solve everything. Often, it makes things worse. How can that

be? You see...

Money Is Power!

But, power can be used for both good... and...

not-so-good. Think of it this way: Power is something, for

example, which can be used to run an electric skill saw. A

master carpenter can use that skill saw to build a magnificent

house. Yet, a mechanical idiot can use that same skill saw to

cut off his leg.

And so it is with money. Money can give you

the power to greatly enhance

your life... or... it can give you the ability to destroy

your life. A simple illustration: Money can give you the power

to buy the latest medical advances to enhance your life...

or... it can give you the ability to buy an endless supply of

heroin and destroy or even terminate your life.

I personally believe it is much harder to use

money wisely than it is to make it. Look at all the people

like rock stars, celebrities and lottery winners who suddenly

have massive amounts of money... and then... speedily ruin (or even end) their lives with drugs and other insane behavior.

Since I'm going to take the mystery out of how

you can get rich in my next issue, I figured I'd use this

month to give you a few truths worth pondering... before...

I send you next month's issue. Maybe something in the

following pages will prevent

you from using the money you'll make (after you read the

September issue of my newsletter) to kill yourself, damage

yourself... or... at the very least, help you avoid some horribly bad "speed bumps."

Much of what you are about to read was written

by Dave Kekich in "Kekich's Credo" and his upcoming

new book, Triumph 101. But also, much of what you are about to read was

written by me. And, much of what you are about to read was

written by people whose identity is uncertain. All that really

doesn't matter. What really

does matter is... I'm giving you...

A Collection Of

Truths, Ideas And Observations

Which Can Dramatically Enhance

Your Quality Of Life!

Enjoy.

Self esteem is everything:

The first "must have" for success is... the

honest-to-God, no-bullshit belief you deserve

success!

Nothing wins more than superior

preparation.

People will do almost

anything to stay in their "comfort zone." Never

take someone out of their own comfort zone when you

are trying to sell them something.

On the other hand, if you

have the courage to put yourself outside your

own "comfort zone"... repeatedly...

you will certainly gain humongous rewards.

All men are very much alike.

It is their habits which separate them.

Time is the irretrievable

element. The most important choices you will ever make

is how you use your time. Remember... every

second counts!

If you have enough money to

solve a problem... then... you don't have a problem.

Bankers only lend money to

people who don't need it.

Marketing is the fuel which

drives your business.

Never buy a hotel when all

you want is a room for the night. It's like marrying a

woman and committing to her for life... when... all

you really want is a piece of ass.

You can be good at making

excuses... or... you can be good at producing results.

You cannot be good at both. Only you can

decide.

Never punish anyone...

including yourself... for any mistake made out of

enthusiasm.

If you desire to become

wealthy, you must be in business for yourself.

It takes almost the same

amount of time and energy to manage tiny projects or

businesses as it takes to manage massive ones...

but... the massive ones are the ones which give you

massive rewards.

Be wary of people who

describe themselves as church-going Christian

businessmen. Going to church and saying you are a

Christian is like walking into a garage and saying you

are a car.

The first wealth is

health.

Always, always, always pay retail.

It's so much cheaper (in the long-run).

You can't get something

for nothing. The price is too high.

Get yourself a personal

trainer whom you have to pay... even if... you don't

show up for your exercise session. That way, you

either exercise... or... you pay the price immediately

for not doing so.

An alert, focused,

razor-sharp mind can slice through any challenge.

Wealth is the result of

man's capacity to think.

People treat you like you teach

them to treat you.

Cut all ties with dishonest,

negative or lazy people. This includes relatives and

close friends. You simply cannot afford to have them in your life.

Your work is not your

life. It is only a part of your life. People

who are obsessed with with work are running away from life. No matter how much money they are making,

they are still losers.

Spend your life. Don't save

it. If you do save it, you'll die a bitter, bitter

man.

Situations aren't

important. How you react to them is. You have

to play it where it lies.

If your purpose in life is

to have security, you will be a failure. Security is

the lowest form of happiness. (Besides, security

simply doesn't exist.)

Great love and great

achievement involve great risk.

It is far better to

apologize for something you've already done...

than... it is to ask permission for something you want

to do. After all, that permission may be denied.

Most people spend 90% of

their time on what they're not best at... and... only

10% of their time on their best ability. Successful

people delegate that 90%... and... are thus able to

spend all their time on their "unique"

ability.

The formula for business

success is simple: Find out what people want and give

it to

them. But, you must find out what they really

want... not... just what they say they want.

The best way to get

started is to get started.

Movement always produces

more results than meditation.

Attack life. Wait for

nothing.

He has half the deed done

who has made a beginning.

The future starts today (right

now)... not tomorrow.

When it's a matter of

producing or starving, people don't starve.

Get yourself a first-class

personal assistant like my invaluable Theresa (Hah!

Good luck trying!) and do whatever it takes to keep her in your life.

I believe the nuggets of wisdom herein are so

vital to your well-being, I've had my Trusty Assistant Theresa

prepare this issue in an unusual format. The first four pages

are a complete issue of this newsletter. But, you'll notice

pages 5 through 8 repeat the "nuggets" only. That's

because I want you to do two things with this issue:

(1)

Keep

this issue handy

(pages 1 through 4) and read it from beginning

to end at least once a week.

(2)

Cut

out the "boxes of nuggets" (pages 5 through

8) and surround yourself with them. Put one or two in

your underwear and socks drawers so you'll be sure to

see them to start your day off right. Staple a few

onto post-it notes and tack them to the side of your

computer screen or on the wall over your desk to keep

you pumped up during the day. Use those little magnet

thingys on your 'fridge to hold a couple so you'll be

feeding regularly on the "Guru's Strips."

Tape a couple to the mirror where you exercise so

you'll be getting a mental work out at the same time.

Place some others on your pillow so you'll see them

just as you lie down to go to sleep at night and

you'll have sweet dreams.

Why do I want you to do these things? Because

I want you in tip-top, prime shape mentally and emotionally before you start raking in the fungolas. And, speaking of fungolas,

if you want to make some serious

buckaroos... and make them fast...

then be sure to...

Read Next Month's Issue Of My Newsletter

The Very Same Day It

Arrives In Your Mailbox!

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"Part-Time

Plagiarist"

P.S.

If

you know anyone who lives in or makes frequent trips

to Costa Rica, I'd love to talk with them.

Peace.

Self

esteem is everything: The first "must

have" for success is... the honest-to-God,

no-bullshit belief you deserve success!

Nothing

wins more than superior preparation.

People

will do almost anything to stay in their "comfort

zone." Never take someone out of their own

comfort zone when you are trying to sell them

something.

On

the other hand, if you have the courage to put yourself

outside your own "comfort zone"... repeatedly...

you will certainly gain humongous rewards.

It

takes almost the same amount of time and

energy to manage tiny projects or businesses

as it takes to manage massive ones... but... the

massive ones are the ones which give you massive rewards.

All

men are very much alike. It is their habits

which separate them.

Time

is the irretrievable element. The most important

choices you will ever make is how you use your time.

Remember... every

second counts!

If

you have enough money to solve a problem... then...

you don't have a problem.

Bankers

only lend money to people who don't need it.

Marketing

is the fuel which drives your business.

Never

buy a hotel when all you want is a room for the night.

It's like marrying a woman and committing to her for

life... when... all you really want is a piece

of ass.

You

can be good at making excuses... or... you can be good

at producing results. You cannot be good at both. Only

you can decide.

Never

punish anyone... including yourself... for any mistake

made out of enthusiasm.

Most

people spend 90% of their time on what they're not

best at... and... only 10% of their time on their best

ability. Successful people delegate that 90%...

and... are thus able to spend all their time on their

"unique" ability.

If

you desire to become wealthy, you must be in

business for yourself.

Be

wary of people who describe themselves as church-going

Christian businessmen. Going to church and saying you

are a Christian is like walking into a garage and

saying you are a car.

The

first wealth is health.

Always,

always, always pay retail. It's so much cheaper

(in the long-run).

You

can't get something for nothing. The price is too

high.

Get

yourself a personal trainer whom you have to pay...

even if... you don't show up for your exercise

session. That way, you either exercise... or... you

pay the price immediately for not doing so.

An

alert, focused, razor-sharp mind can slice through any

challenge.

Wealth

is the result of man's capacity to think.

People

treat you like you teach them to treat you.

Cut

all ties with dishonest, negative or lazy people. This

includes relatives and close friends. You simply cannot afford to have them in your life.

Your

work is not your life. It is only a part of

your life. People who are obsessed with work are running away from life. No matter how much money they are making,

they are still losers.

Spend

your life. Don't save it. If you do save it, you'll

die a bitter, bitter man.

Situations

aren't important. How you react to them is. You

have to play it where it lies.

If

your purpose in life is to have security, you will be

a failure. Security is the lowest form of happiness.

(Besides, security simply doesn't exist.)

Great

love and great achievement involve great risk.

It

is far better to apologize for something you've already

done... than... it is to ask permission for something

you want to do. After all, that permission may

be denied.

The

formula for business success is simple: Find out what

people want and give it to them. But, you must find

out what they really want... not... just what

they say they want.

The

best way to get started is to get started.

Movement

always produces more results than meditation.

Attack

life. Wait for nothing.

He

has half the deed done who has made a beginning.

The

future starts today (right now)... not tomorrow.

When

it's a matter of producing or starving, people don't

starve.

Get

yourself a first-class personal assistant like my

invaluable Theresa (Hah! Good luck trying!) and do whatever it takes to keep her in your life.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.