SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zkzd_disaster_insurance.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:43
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

I hope you have finished reading (and found

value) in my last newsletter which was mostly about doing

business with "The Bank For Insane People".

That was the one inside the envelope icon with

the title "I Deserve A Black Belt In Self-Pity!"...

which... was  written

about ten days ago.

But, you know what I hope even more? I hope

you also read the other newsletter I told you to read titled

"The Dark Side Of Success". You didn't know it when

you read it but, that newsletter was completed and mailed out

on February 6, 1988 which is...

More Than 15 Years Ago!

What I had to say in that

letter is just as important NOW... as it was way back then.

Actually, maybe even more so today.

During my forced vacation at "Club

Fed" (Boron Federal Prison Camp) I wrote what is very

likely the most important book anyone in America will ever

read. It is also probably the most... valuable... book

anyone will ever read. It was written under very

difficult circumstances and it will give anyone who reads it

an instant

money-making education... the likes of which... is rather

astonishing.

And, it is very

personal. It was written specifically for my youngest son,

Bond. It is perhaps, the most precious gift I have ever given

him... and... the most precious gift... anyone

else could possess.

That book has turned into a virtual "cult

classic". Many businessmen keep it with them 100% of the

time. Wherever they travel, the book is always in their

briefcase so they can have access to its wisdom any time and

any place they need it.

Enough build-up. Let's get to it. Listen: As

you read in "The Dark Side Of Success", I've had a

lot of strange things happen to me. I've been robbed, tied up,

gagged, blindfolded, threatened and so on. I've made and lost

millions. I've been eulogized, ostracized and plagiarized.

I've also (as explained in that newsletter), been both a

prison guard and a prison inmate.

Do you still remember all that prison stuff I

wrote about in "The Dark Side of Success"? It was

ugly. As you may recall, I told you how I got involved with

insane psychotherapists, mad-dog postal inspectors and a trio

of lawyers. One of those lawyers was gunned down (literally),

another was eventually disbarred, and the other was indicted

along with his "crime partner" who was a judge. I

also told you how I went through seven long years of

"nightmare litigation" and how, after two trials,

two appeals and one Supreme Court appeal, I got stuck serving

10 months in a federal prison camp in Boron, California for a

crime that, in fact, in a moral sense, never

even occurred.

Whatever. I think you'll agree with me when I

say that newsletter was not

a bunch of "woe is me" sniveling. No. That

particular newsletter was instructive. It showed you why innocence

is not enough and why you should watch out for a lot of

"legal horrors" which can befall you... even

if... your business is totally on the up-and-up and you

personally are as honest as the day is long.

Strangely enough, that little vacation I had

at "Club Fed" turned out to be (honestly) the most

valuable experience I've ever had. I met some of the most

intelligent, wealthiest, most creative and sometimes, some of

the nicest people

you could ever imagine. Not only that, it gave me time to

write out a "crash course" in direct marketing for

my youngest son who, for some insane reason, has decided to

follow in his old man's footsteps.

So, toward this end, I wrote him a series of

25 long letters which contain, all in all, the most concise,

hardest-hitting, no-holds-barred, direct marketing education

available anywhere on this planet. These letters contain 196

handwritten pages of dynamite

info!

But let me tell you this: These letters are raw. They pull no punches!

You know, when you are serving time, you don't

feel much like pussy-footing around. Prison conversations go

right for the jugular. So

do these letters! What I was trying to do here was, give

my son the fastest, most impactful education that can be

transmitted by the written word.

I dare say I succeeded.

These letters contain a "stripped

down" version of the most important secrets I've learned

about how to sell by direct marketing. They explain exactly

how to develop a "killer" ad or direct mail package

right from the ground up. They teach you how to develop a

"can't lose" marketing appeal. These letters cover

everything from postage to layout; offer development and list

selection; how to create a winning game plan... and...

everything I wrote in this book will also help you create a

profitable website. Here is a little more of what you will

learn when you read this book:

s

The

basics of

writing good copy!

s

The fine

points of writing good copy!

s

What

really makes

people buy!

s

How to lead your reader by the hand!

s

Why

you never get a second chance to make a first

impression...and...

why you must "hook" your reader from the moment

he sees your copy!

s

How to give your ads and letters the right

"look"!

s

Secrets

of order-pulling layouts!

s

An essay on closing the sale!

s

Exactly

how to ask for an order!

s

What you can learn about advertising from Alex Haley

and his book Roots!

s

How to make your

copy clear and readable!

s

The surest way to

become a "big money" writer!

s

Why you should

write for money... and not...

for applause!

s

What to do

when you don't know what to do!

s

How to turn a

losing catalog into a multi-million dollar success!

s

HALT: How memorizing that acronym can keep you out of a

lot of trouble!

s

A prison

inmate's "street smart" survival kit!

s

Why "make a bushel of money" works better

than "increase your income"!

s

Six secrets of

special deals you can write about in your letters!

s

A little trick every copywriter should know!

s

7 exact steps to

direct mail success!

s

The most common marketing mistakes made by beginners!

s

How to keep

going when the going is hard!

s

How to imprint the

process of writing good ad copy on your nerves, muscle fibers,

brain cells and every part of your physical and mental being!

s

An emotional

"tool kit" which can save your life!

s

The most important key to making really

serious money!

s

How to become a

student of markets!

s

How to use the SRDS list book to make a fortune!

s

A discussion of

a 156-million-dollar promotion!

s

Cheap research: How to make

sure you'll hit the right nerve!

s

Examples of

winning formulas and "double customization"!

s

How to get flowing again when you're stuck!

s

How

to discover the right central selling idea!

s

How to use envelopes to "induce guilt"!

s

A good

"boilerplate" P.S. which can make you money!

s

How to get orders from people who have already decided not

to order!

s

The best

attention grabbers in the world!

s

How to make your reader "picture with

pleasure" what you are trying to sell!

s

The ultimate

layout for an order coupon!

s

8 things you should have at hand

before you start to write an ad or direct mail piece!

s

What you must always

include in your marketing research!

s

How to manufacture the "aha!" experience!

There's an awful lot more but, that should be

enough to give you the idea. These letters read like greased

lightning. Sometimes, when I was writing them, it was 114

degrees outside and I would be surrounded by every imaginable

kind of felon. Coke dealers. Mafia hit men. Common murderers.

Motorcycle maniacs. Bank robbers. Embezzlers. And so on.

I didn't have time for chaff. These letters

are all wheat. They contain the most intense personal stuff

I've ever written. It took me a while to make up my mind, but

finally, I decided to publish and release them. They are

collected between grim black covers and I titled them simply:

"The

Boron Letters"

A few days ago, I saw an illegal, pirated copy

of MY book for sale on the Internet (in damaged condition) for

$225.00. I am now offering my book, "The

Boron Letters" (in mint condition) for sale myself to

all of my subscribers for a mere $97.00 and nothing extra for

shipping and handling.

I have a mixture of motives for making this

offer. In addition to the obvious one, I have another very

conceited reason for wanting you to read this book. What is

this "conceited" reason? It's simple...

I Want To

Show Off!

You see, if you think the information you have

read so far in my

newsletters is hot and valuable, just wait till you read the

"advanced" (and sometimes sneaky) money-making info

that comes in my book, "The Boron Letters".

"The Boron Letters" have been read by a very select

group of people all over the world... and...

Many Of Them Say

That Book Has Made Them Rich!

Not only that, "The

Boron Letters" are the most heartfelt messages I've

ever written. It would be impossible for anyone to love

anybody more than I love my children. And, in this case, I was

trying to give my progeny the two most precious gifts I have

to offer: My love and my expertise.

This book also contains a lot of wisdom on

staying healthy and prospering in a mean world. I don't know

if you have children or not but, if you do, you could do a lot

worse than giving each of them a copy of this book.

Just one more thing: This book was written in

a rather harsh environment and it contains a fair amount of

profanity. I guess that's indicative of where I was and how I

was feeling when I wrote it.

There are two ways you can order this book:

The first way is to write your check in the amount of $97.00

payable to "Cherrywood Publishing" and send it

to:

Cherrywood Publishing

3101 S.W. 34th Ave. #905-467

Ocala,

FL  34474

If you do that, we will send your book

immediately by First-Class Priority Mail...

Or... You Can Order It By Credit Card

And Be Reading The Book In The Next 15-Minutes!

Here's how it works: All you have to do is

call my personal voicemail at  (305) 381-9697.-->

1-305-866-3613. When you do

that, you will hear my voice saying, "Hi,

this is Gary Halbert. Thank

you for calling this voicemail to order a copy of my book

called 'The Boron Letters'. What I need you to do is speak

slowly and clearly and leave your name and the type of credit

card you are using to

place your order. We accept Visa, MasterCard, or American

Express. I also need the credit card number, the

expiration date and the billing address of your credit card.

Plus, I need you to leave me your e-mail address. As soon as I

have all this information, I will send you a personal e-mail

with an attachment you can download that contains every single

page of my book, 'The Boron Letters'. And, unless I am in a

meeting or sleeping or something like that, you can actually

be reading my book within the next 15-minutes. Thank you again

for your order and trusting me enough to order my book in this

fashion."

Okay, after you hear that message, do just

like it says and, almost instantly, I guarantee you will be

reading the most fascinating book ever written.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

A

Caring Father

P.S.

I bet if you search long and hard on the Internet, you can

find someone who will sell you a copy of my book for less

than the $97.00 I am charging for it. However, even if

this turns out to be true, you should still order the book

from me... because... you will also get an extra bonus  that just might turn out to be the most valuable

bonus you have ever received in your entire life!

Please let me describe it for you. If you ever find

yourself in a situation like the one described in

"The Dark Side Of Success", I will give you

inside personal information on how to deal with those

problems. And let me tell you something, in these kinds of

situations, the information you can get from an

intelligent ex-con (like me) is more valuable than all the

information you could get from 100 high-paid lawyers. Most

likely, I will be able to give you some information which

will put an immediate

end to the nightmare you are experiencing. If I can't do

that, the information I give you will almost certainly

result in your paying a lot less in lawyer fees... and...

if worse comes to worse... that information will probably

result in a much-lighter sentence (and probably no

sentence at all) than you would have received otherwise.

Let me tell you something: Your lawyer is NOT on your

side. But, if you ever need it, I WILL be on your side.

And, I will give you inside information which can

literally save your ass.

Speaking of "saving your ass" a lot of men worry

about getting raped if they are sent to prison. Quite

frankly, that's a valid thing to worry about. But, if the

worse case scenario does ever occur (you being sent to

prison), you can get information from me which will give

you a 99% chance of avoiding even this nightmare.

However, here's something you need to know. If you ever do

need me to give you this kind of help, I will give it to

you free...

but... I will NOT give it to you over the telephone. I

will NOT give it to you in a letter. I will NOT give it to

you via the Internet. If you ever need this kind of

information, you are going to have to come to me and you

and I will strip down to our bathing suits and take a

little dip in a pool or the ocean. It is only when we are

in the water and I am absolutely certain you are not

taping the conversation, that I will reveal to you these

secrets which you will so desperately need to know.

Think about it: You can probably buy my book

("The Boron

Letters")  from somewhere else for less money (if

you can find it) but, if you buy it from me and buy it

immediately, the bonus I am offering you (if you ever need

it) is the most important "disaster insurance"

you could ever have.

One last thing: Don't you dare

think terrible things like this will never happen to you

because you don't ever do anything wrong. You don't have

to do anything "wrong" to have horrible shit

happen to you like I described in "The Dark Side Of

Success". In the United States today,

"innocence" is no longer a defense against

anything.

Order the book now. As I tell all my clients, when it

comes to preparing for a disaster...

It Is Better To Be Years Too Early...

Than... One Minute Too Late!

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.