SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zkzs_sex_and_money.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:45
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

For Website Viewers:

The "rather eye-catching photo"

is not available.

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

As you can see, I have enclosed a rather

eye-catching photo with this letter.

Why have I done this? It's simple...

To Help You Learn A Way

To Make A Lot More Money!

You'll understand completely when you've

finished reading this newsletter.

After that dud of a newsletter last month, I

have decided to make up for it this month by giving you some

info which will be profitable and

interesting. This issue is gonna be all about...

Sex And Money!

Money first.

When I got started in the direct response

business, the postage cost to mail a one-ounce, first-class

letter was 6¢. Now, it's up to 37¢.

But hold on un momentito. The per capita

income of the U.S. when I started in direct response back in

1968 was $2,231... and... the per capita income now is about

$22,400. That means, first-class postage has risen in price by

617%... but... our average per capita income has gone up

1004%.

So, when you adjust for inflation, it is

actually cheaper to buy a stamp now than it was more than

30-years ago. Trust me, for a "certain" reason, this

is going to be a very exciting piece of information (after you

finish reading this letter), which pertains to you.

But, meanwhile, just for fun, let's examine

the cost of buying a first-class stamp each year all the way

back to 1900.

In 1900, the cost of a first-class stamp was 2¢.

It stayed at 2¢ for 16 years! Then, in 1917, the cost

went to 3¢... which was a 50% increase. It stayed that way

for two years until 1919... when... they dropped the price back

to 2¢!

You know what's weird? When they went from 2¢

to 3¢, it was a 50% jump in price. But, when the price

dropped back to 2¢, it was only a 33% reduction in price.

Does that mean you could buy shit for $20 and sell it for $30

(a 50% jump in price)... and then... buy it back for $20 (a

33% reduction in price)... and... thus make a 17% profit? (50%

minus 33% equals 17%)

Somehow, I know this ain't so... but... it

sure would be a neat way to make money if it was so, wouldn't

it?

Anyway, in 1919 stamps were selling for 2¢

again and they didn't go up until 1932 when they rose to 3¢.

After that, the rate of a stamp stayed at 3¢ for 26 years all

the way to 1958 when it started selling to the tune of 4¢

apiece.

How long did that 4¢ figure last? Only five

years this time. In 1963 stamps increased to a nickel (5¢)

apiece. Five years go by and, in 1968, they are charging 6¢.

That rate only lasted three years. In 1971,

stamps soared to 8¢ each. Again, only three years pass until

the next price increase. In 1974, 10¢ would fetch you a

first-class stamp. A mere one year later, the going rate hiked

to 13¢. After three years of selling at 13¢, in 1978 the

price of a first-class stamp advanced to 15¢. In 1981, 19¢.

In 1985, 22¢. In 1988, 25¢. In 1991, 29¢. In 1995 they

advanced to 32¢. In 1999, up a penny to 33¢. In 2001, up

another penny to 34¢. And now, in 2002, the price of a

first-class stamp is only 37¢.

You know what this all translates to? Just

this:

First-Class Postage Stamps Are

Now The BEST Bargain You

Can Get Your Hands On!

At least, if you are in direct marketing.

Escucha! (That means "listen" in Spanish.) Escucha:

About 10 years ago, only 7 out of 100 pieces of mail were what

I call "A-Pile" mail. That's mail which is, or which

appears to be, a first-class personal letter. By making sure

all my letters got into that A-Pile, I had an enormous

advantage over nearly everyone else selling by direct mail.

And Now... That Same

Advantage Is Humongous!

People hardly ever send letters

anymore. Instead, people are using e-mail. In fact, I bet now,

only about 1 out of 200 pieces of mail are (or appear to be)

A-Pile mail.

In a newsletter I wrote years ago, I described

how, when I was a little boy, the phone rang at my Grandma's

house and the operator would say, "You

have a long distance call." The entire household

would come to attention. Someone would say in a hushed tone, "Grandma,

it's long distance!"

The impact of a long distance phone call in

those days was tremendous.

Nowadays, of course, a long distance call is

so routine, nobody gives it a second thought. Even an

international call doesn't cause much of a flurry anymore.

Anyway, in that same newsletter, I said I was

the biggest customer of Federal Express in all of Monroe

County, Florida. And, as I also explained, I didn't use FedEx

because of their speed of delivery. No, I used FedEx...

because of...

The Impact A Federal Express

Package Had On A Recipient!

This was especially true of someone who didn't

work in an office. Even today, Federal Express packages are

given enormous attention by a person who receives one at his

or her house.

Now, because of that tiny percent of letters

which are actually real letters...

You Can Get A Similar Impact For Your

Sales Message For Only 37¢!

Let's add some grease to the frying pan. Some

group of morons (I don't know if they were government morons

or advertising morons) have just completed a study which

revealed... sex does NOT work in advertising.

What Pure

Unadulterated Bullshit!

What is really true is... sex used improperly

does not work in advertising. It's like saying headlines don't

work in advertising... or... words don't work in advertising.

Actually, that's true... if... you are talking about stupid

headlines and stupid words.

Sex (used properly) can enormously improve the

profitability of your advertising. But, many advertising

experts have had it beaten into their brains that "sex

sells"... without ever being taught... it is only "sex

used properly" which increases sales.

Let's talk about (and allow me to illustrate)

how sex is often used  improperly.

Let's say some big company is selling a

laundry detergent. They run television, newspaper and magazine

ads featuring a woman with gigantic breasts. Those ads will be

remembered. The women who see the ads will remember them with

disgust. The men will remember them because they will fixate

on those gigantic breasts. But, you know what? Because of improper use of sex in that advertising...

Nobody Will Remember The

Name Of The Laundry Detergent!

There are different types of sex appeal. Take

Penelope Cruz, for instance. She's beautiful, she's sexy...

and... she looks like a nice person. Men like her. Women like

her. Thus, she is perfect for the perfume campaign she models

for.

On the other hand, can you even imagine a

woman who would buy "Pamela Anderson Perfume"?

Pamela Anderson and other women with her type

of "sex appeal" are perfect for advertising targeted

to the "Slamhead" market. In case you don't know, a

"Slamhead" is a young, male beer drinker (most often

a college student) who, after he drinks his beer, slams the

empty can into his forehead, then finishes crumbling it with

his hand... and then... throws the crushed can away. These are

the guys who howl like dogs at bikini contests, urinate off

hotel balconies, and buy videos of "Girls Gone

Wild."

"Slamheads" are attracted to Pamela

Anderson. So, if "Slamheads" are your target market,

use her or a woman like her.

But, most of

your marketing efforts will not be targeted to "Slamheads."

And, since that's the case, our marketing efforts need to use

a different kind of

sex appeal. In my last issue, I suggested you peruse this

particular website...

www.SirianCalendar.com

You know what I forgot? Odd as it may seem,

many of my readers still don't have or use computers. So, for

those people (and for those of you who haven't been to that

website recently), I am going to reproduce in this newsletter

something which is now on the website:

The Sirian Story

(This will be

of special interest to anyone in advertising or

marketing)

Sirian Piedra Quesada was

born in a section of San Jose, Costa Rica which is

only a short drive from the lush rain forest of this

unique country.

Actually, no matter where

you are in Costa Rica, you are only a short drive from

the rain forest.

Costa Rica is known

worldwide for its beautiful women... but... even

amongst all this feminine beauty, Sirian is

exceptional. Her flawless fair skin, forest green

eyes, long blond hair, coupled with an absolutely

beautiful face and body, give her an electric palpable

physical presence. Sirian is widely considered to be

the most beautiful woman in Central America... and...

seeing her in person is akin to having a religious

experience.

Until her recent

resignation, Sirian has, for a long time, been a

staple on Costa Rican TV. She appeared twice a week as

one of the two "lottery girls" who randomly

selected the numbered ping pong balls, which

determined who won the Costa Rican National Lottery.

There's a rumor in Costa

Rica that more people turned on their TV's twice a

week to see Sirian than to find out if they won the

lottery.

She's a glamorous woman who

leads a decidedly unglamorous life. Sirian seldoms

drinks even a glass of wine, doesn't smoke or use

drugs, and avoids any sort of night life. She

exercises two hours a day, goes to sleep at 9 p.m.,

and is a single mother completely devoted to her

6-year-old daughter and the rest of her family. All of

whom live in Costa Rica.

There are many beautiful

women who are not photogenic. Conversely, there are

many plain women who, through the alchemy of the

camera lens, photograph like a world-class beauty.

Sirian represents the best

of both worlds. She is dazzling in person, and

dazzling in print, television or film. Plus, she has

what marketing legend Gary Halbert describes as "marketable

beauty." Simply put, that means...

Putting

A Photo Of Sirian

In Any Ad Produces A Dramtic Rise

In The Sales Resulting From That Ad!

And, it does not matter

what you are selling. Put Sirian in a thong bikini and

she looks like she just stepped out of the pages of

the swimsuit edition of "Sports

Illustrated."

If Sirian is posing in

lingerie, she looks like a model for "Victoria's

Secret."

When Sirian wears a simple

black dress, she transmits class and quality.

A

$500,000 Photo!

Bill Heid, President of AVS

Marketing, says his sales were flat until he put a

photo of Sirian in one of his ads. Then, in what

seemed to be the blink of an eye, his sales soared to

over One-Half Million Dollars. Below is the photo that produced all those

sales:

Sirian hates to be away

from her family. Therefore, she won't pose any place

except Costa Rica or Miami, Florida. She'll pose in

Miami since the flight from Costa Rica is just a

little over 2 hours.

Because of this, Sirian's

modeling fees are only a fraction of what she could

get if she were willing to travel.

If you are interested in

using Sirian in an ad campaign, e-mail her (at

[email protected]) the details and she'll get back

to you promptly.

By the way, if you do

e-mail her, she always likes to know which of her

calendar photos people find most appealing.

Now, pay

attention here! That picture of Sirian was effective

because of her beauty, her sex appeal, and...

Her Likability!

It shines through that particular photograph.

It isn't a sexy photo that offends. Or threatens. She doesn't

look like someone who, if you were to say "Hello"

to her, would tell you to go fly a kite. Know this: Likability

is at least as important as sex appeal.

Some proof: The readers who went to that

website were asked to vote for their favorite photo. The

winner was the following photo which was posted on July 6th.

That is an overtly sexy photo. But, people who

voted it their favorite said they liked it because she not

only looked sexy... but also... because she looked kind, warm

and friendly.

Here are four other photos from her website:

Photo A

Photo B

Photo C

Photo D

Unless I was working the "Slamhead"

market, I would NOT use any of those photos. In Photo

"A", she looks like a snot-nosed, smartass, little

bitch. In Photo "B", Sirian looks hard, cold and

unapproachable. In Photo "C", she has sort of a

"trampy" look. And, in Photo "D", she is too

obviously posing to look sexy.

Want to know how to make "killer"

profits using a photo of a sexy woman in your advertising?

Use It

In Direct Mail

As A Grabber!

Do NOT copy it onto the pages of your

letter. Do send it as a stand

alone photo, using it like I did with the stand alone

photo enclosed with this newsletter.

That sure as hell got your undivided

attention, didn't it?

And, that's why I enclosed it.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

While

it's true Sirian is my fiancèe, it is also true she is the

most cost-effective, profit-producing model I've ever met in

my entire career. Once again, you can check out dozens of her

photos (for free) at...

www.SirianCalendar.com

And, should you be interested in using her as a model

to drastically increase the profits of your marketing

campaigns, you can e-mail her at:

[email protected]

P.S.#2

Want

to read the hottest book ever written? I'm the one who wrote

it and you can find out all about it by going to:

www.KillerSexBook.com

That's it for this month. I'm not always boring, am I?

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.