SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zlll_profitable_website.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:52
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend & Subscriber,

God has managed to surprise me again.

In last month's newsletter, I wrote all about

the "killer" "Master's of the Millennium"

seminar I am putting together. I did not give details

like where and when I'm going to have the seminar, how much

it's going to cost and stuff like that.

As I said in that letter, I wasn't giving out

that information because there were details about the seminar

I didn't want to reveal to anyone unless they were a serious

potential attendee... and... I wanted to have a personal

telephone conversation with those particular people.

Well, when I wrote that, there were a few

things I did not anticipate.

First, I did not anticipate the sheer number

of calls I was going to receive. I haven't given a personal

seminar in quite some time and there are many

people who would like to attend.

Secondly, I did not anticipate Hurricane

Floyd. Most of Floyd's fury missed us here in the Florida

Keys... but... as you know... Floyd really tore the ass out of

the Eastern Seaboard of the United States. There are still

thousands of people without electrical power, basic medical

necessities, transportation and nearly everything else we have

learned to take for granted.

Like phone service.

Many of my subscribers called me from those

areas, and then, because of Floyd, it has been difficult or

totally impossible to return their calls.

Thirdly, I did not anticipate Tropical Storm

Harvey which did slam us

here in the Keys. There wasn't a lot of property damage,

physical injuries or loss of life but, if you've never

experienced one...

I Bet You Have No Clue

Just How Disruptive One

Of These Storms Can Be

To Your Life!

Ah well, it's just that damn "conveyor

belt of life" speeding up a little, that's all.

Anyway, because of all this, I am going

to reveal all the details of my upcoming seminar right here in

this newsletter... because of... the almost dead certainty I

will not be able to have a personal conversation with

everyone who wants to attend.

The seminar is going to be held at the Phoenix Airport Hilton Hotel (whose telephone number is 480/894-1600)

on the 10th, 11th and

12th of December. In case you don't have a calendar handy,

that's a Friday, Saturday and Sunday.

The cost of the seminar is $3,995.00 if you

pay by credit card... but... only $3,900.00 if you pay by

check or money order.

I'd like to explain the reason for this since

it might be something useful for you to know if you have a

business of your own. Let's say you have a mail order business

and your credit card orders average about $15,000 per month.

Then, let's say you decide to put on an expensive seminar...

or... you initiate a huge advertising campaign... or... you

write all your customers offering them a special deal... to

which... they respond in droves.

As a consequence, let's say your credit card

orders jump up to about $150,000 in one particular 30-day

period. Here is what may very well happen: An anal retentive

brain-dead bureaucrat who works for the people who process

your credit card orders will notice you have a sudden increase

in sales which amounts to ten times your normal volume.

You know what that piece of shit will do?

He'll put a "freeze" on your merchant account. You

won't be able to process any more credit card orders... and...

you won't be able to get your hands on the money generated

from the credit card orders you have already processed.

It's only fair. After all, anyone who has a

sudden increase in sales of 1,000% just has to be doing

something wrong. Maybe you're laundering money for drug

dealers? Maybe you're processing credit card orders for shady

characters who can't get a merchant account themselves? Maybe

all these sales are bogus and you are falsifying all those

credit card orders?

In any case, Mr. Numnuts will probably not

call you to find out what's really going on. He won't initiate

any kind of investigation whatsoever. He'll just simply

"freeze" your account and basically...

Kidnap

Your Money!

When you go to talk with him about this, you

will find him to be a pompous, little asshole full of his own

importance... and... even if he believes you are not doing

anything wrong...

He Will

Still Hate

Your Guts!

Why? Simply because you are doing something

successful, something that indicates to him you are making a

lot of money... and... something that brings home to him with

great clarity just what a nobody and a loser he

really is.

And you, of course, have to be punished for

that.

Yes, after everything comes out in the wash,

you will get your money back. But in the interim, your

business will be crippled for a long period... and... Mr.

Numnuts will be gloating all that time you are struggling to

keep your business alive. That's happened to me three times so

far... and... as recently as the first part of this past year.

One time, FOR NO REASON WHATSOEVER, one of

those assholes froze $125,000 of mine for an entire year...

and... they even collected interest on that money while it was

in "escrow." But, of course, that interest was not

passed on to me! (Nor will it be to you.)

Actually, my problems with these jerks have

been relatively minor. This stuff happens every day. I have

friends and clients who've had more

than a million dollars kidnapped by these scumbags of the

"Merchant Account Mafia."

So yes, even though I can accept credit

card orders, I really would prefer you pay by check or money

order.

By the way, in last month's letter, I did tell

you about almost everything you will learn at my upcoming

seminar. However, there is one little thing I was holding out

as a "surprise." But, due to the circumstances, I

guess I may as well go ahead and reveal it here and now...

I Am Going To Teach All My

Attendees How To Set Up An

Immediately-Profitable Website...

With A Start-Up Cost Of Less Than $300.00!

Come closer. Pay attention here. When I say

"profitable," I mean profitable!

Depending on the health of your "greed glands" this

is something you can use to make anywhere from a few hundred

bucks per day up to more than a million dollars a month.

Not only that, if you are a real hustler, you

can have this website up and running with money flowing to you

in about five days from the time the seminar is over!

I am not kidding. This is for real.

So, if you want to come to my seminar, you can

use the enclosed order form and register by either faxing it

to us at 352/861-1665... or... mailing it to us in the enclosed

self-addressed reply envelope.

One other thing: I am now about to do

something I am going to HATE myself for doing. Namely this:

Due to Hurricane Floyd and all the other "acts of

God" which have happened since my last newsletter, I am

going to give out my personal telephone number (the one that

rings six inches from my right hand) for anyone who... for

real... needs to ask me questions about the seminar. Here

it is...

1-305-289-3316

Let's mush on. As I write this, I'm sitting in

one of the public libraries in Monroe County and I have a

number of newspaper articles in front of me. One of them

appeared in the September 22, 1999 edition of USA

Today. The headline says, "2000

'Bug' Unlikely To Disappear!"

Here are a few scattered quotes from that

article:

"...experts, including some of the government's top advisors are

sticking to their recommendation that people be ready with

extra food, water and cash..."

"...the Senate says that local and regional power outages remain a

distinct possibility..."

"...as of June, only 37% of all emergency systems were

ready..."

"...the Senate says 670 airports remain at risk..."

The Senate report released "grades"

of the overall quality of Y2K readiness in eight sectors. They

did it with a "star rating" system with five stars

being the best rating a sector could have. Here's how it

shapes up: Financial Services is the only sector that got a five-star rating. Telecommunications and

Utilities both got a four-star rating. Transportation,

Business and Government Services all got a three-star rating.

And Health Care? Only a lousy two stars!

There was one more sector identified as

"International" that also got only a two-star

rating. Now listen up: If you can

"read-between-the-lines," that's the most

frightening revelation of all. Basically, what it translates

to is this:

As Of January 1, 2000 A Great

Deal Of All The Business We Do With

Other Countries, Is Going To Go...

Right Into The Toilet!

To all those government bureaucrats who are

now admitting Y2K is, indeed, going to be a serious problem,

I'd like to say this: "No shit, Dick Tracy."

More: Here's a little something from

yesterday's (9/29/99) Miami

Herald which I think is remarkably revealing about the

times we live in. It's a tiny, three paragraph article buried

way back in the "Siberian Pages" of the paper.

Here's the entire story:

Police Chief Admits

To Molesting 7 Boys

Lawrenceville,

VA -- The Police Chief of a farming town and a local

electrician have admitted molesting seven boys between

the ages of 9 and 16.

Mark

D. Harvey, 30, Police Chief of Alberta for three

years, pleaded guilty to 13 charges of forcible sodomy

and aggravated sexual assault. The assaults took place

between December, 1997 and last February. Michael Lee

Knight, 41, pleaded guilty to 14 similar counts.

Harvey

was placed on unpaid suspension after his arrest.

Sentencing was scheduled for December 16.

I consider stories like this to be so

revealing because of the publicity they do NOT

get. Can you imagine what a sensation this story would

have been 30 years ago? Now, it's not even enough to earn the

bad guys their allotted "15 minutes of fame." Why?

Because stuff like this is so commonplace!

There are so many stories these days about priests molesting

choirboys, politicians stealing money, parents abusing their

children, wars breaking out in Bosnia, Kosovo, East Timor (and

other places we never even knew existed), we have become

"numb" to the atrocities of the modern world.

Believe it or not, this has a lot to do with

marketing. It reveals how clever we've got to be now just to

get a moment of someone's attention.

Remember how I predicted a few issues ago that

gold would likely be going for as much as $1,000 an ounce next

January? Well, it has already started to happen. The price of

gold just had its biggest one-day jump in 13-years. Who's

doing all the buying? European Central Banks, that's who.

Those guys are smart.

Don't tell them Y2K is just going to be a little

"bump-in-the-road." They KNOW what's coming!

Incidentally, these guys realize gold is not

an inflation hedge; it's a panic hedge.

And boy, are we ever about to experience a

worldwide panic! I think it's going to be exciting as hell

(for those of us who understand what's happening.)

Speaking of gold, what about the stock market?

I don't know exactly where it will be when you read this

letter but, today, as I write this...

The Stock Market Just

Experienced Its Biggest

One-Week Point Loss

In History!

Doesn't stuff like this take the wind out of

my new stock trading system? Not at all. With my system, you

NEVER invest in the so-called "market"... instead...

you invest in individual stocks about which there is

really HOT news! Like, for example, Foundry Networks (FDRY)

that makes equipment which runs Internet service providers

such as America Online.

This stock is a rarity among internet

stocks... because.. it is actually profitable! So, when the

company decided to go public (right in the midst of one of the

biggest stock market declines in history) the price of each of

its shares enjoyed a 525% 1-day gain. In case you're

interested...

That's A Gain Of

$131.25 Per Share

In One Single Day!

You know what? If you don't come to my

seminar, you are truly a dummy.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"Modesty

Personified"

P.S.

I

can't tell you how much I appreciate all the

compassionate letters I've received about my Uncle

Jack and my daughter, Cindy. Those letters are

precious (and nourishing) to me.

Thank you so

much.

You know, I work

as hard as I can to come off as an arrogant,

conceited, insufferable jerk. But, damnit, so many of

my readers (like Conrad Adelman for example) are such

caring people, it makes it really difficult for me to

maintain that position so I can do my job properly.

How insensitive.

P.P.S.

Oh, I

almost forgot. As I told everyone I could reach by

phone about my seminar, there is one additional

"surprise." If you register for my seminar right

now, you can bring one extra person (like your

spouse, your friend or your business partner)... for

free! But you've got to do it immediately because

I'm keeping this seminar small... so... I can give

each individual paid attendee personal

attention.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.