SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zsza_nightmare_clients_alec.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:04
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

WAY West of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Most of the

issues of my newsletter over the last twelve months have been

a virtual course designed to teach you how to write

"killer" copy.

You can use

that information in a number of ways: (1) If you don't want to

do copywriting yourself, having that information will help you

make a more intelligent decision when it comes to hiring an

outside copywriter. (2) If you have a business and for some

insane reason, want to do all your advertising yourself, you

can also use that information to help you with your goal. (3)

If you want to work as an in-house or freelance copywriter for

some giant corporation, you should now have all the

information you need to jump start your career.

However, if

it is option #3 which interests you, there is something else

very important you need to learn. What I'm talking about is...

How To

Deal With "Nightmare Clients"!

There are a

number of ways you can do a lot of work for a client and not

receive money for your efforts. The first way to do this

is, simply to write an ad or a series of ads which don't

generate a profit. Every copywriter in the world... no matter

how great he is at his work... will always write a few ads

that don't generate a profit.

Back in the

old days, when I used to have the time and inclination to take

on new clients, my standard fee was an up-front payment of

$15,000 plus 5% of all gross revenues I was able to generate

for that client. I could have gotten much more than $15,000

up-front from many of my clients however, I didn't feel right

about it. You see, in my mind, if a guy paid me $30,000 or

$40,000 up-front to write an ad for him... and... if my ad

failed to generate a profit, it would create such a feeling of

guilt and be of such an emotional cost for me, it would be too

much of a burden to carry around.

On the other

hand, charging anything less than $15,000 up-front would have

been foolhardy on my part. Why? Simply because I can always be

guaranteed many times that amount of money by putting my

efforts into writing a good sales letter to my own in-house

proprietary mailing lists.

By the way,

my deal with clients also stipulated, if my original ad failed

to work, I would write a second ad. If that second ad failed

to work, I would write a third. After that, we'd call it quits

and the client would be out $15,000... and... I would be out

an enormous amount of research, time, energy and work I could

have spent elsewhere.

The few

times my ads have failed to work, it was almost always because

the client was trying to sell something the public didn't want

to buy. Honestly though, there were times I just couldn't come

up with a piece of copy which would make everything work. Like

I said earlier, it happens to everybody. If you choose

copywriting as your career... I want you to know... it will

also happen to you.

As far as

whatever fees you decide you want to charge your clients,

that's a personal matter you should put a lot of thought into.

Now, let's

discuss the second way you can do a lot of work for a client

and still not make any money. In this case, let's say your ad

works like gangbusters... yet... your client doesn't have the

balls nor the brains to exploit your creative work to anything

close to its money-making potential. Clients like this are

simply scared people who should be working at McDonald's

instead of trying to be an entrepreneur. They will take a

winner and before they roll it out, they'll want to make

dozens of nonsensical tests. Blue ink versus black ink. A

stamped reply envelope versus one with a postage paid

insignia. Yellow paper versus white. Etc., etc., etc. When

this happens, you are guilty of...

"Casting

Pearls Before Swine"!

The third way you can do a lot of work for a

client and still not make a lot of money is, you write a

runaway winner for a client, he exploits it fully... but... he

doesn't pay you for your work. This is simple theft.

A slightly more sophisticated version of this

type of theft occurs when the client makes a few cosmetic

changes to your ad, then says he is running "his" ad

instead of yours and thus, he says he owes you no commissions.

If you are seriously considering becoming a

copywriter, you're almost guaranteed to run into at least one

of these three scenarios... if not all three.

I am now going to reveal to you the worst

client I've ever had in my career. This man could be a poster

child for what I like to think of as a "Nightmare

Client." A little later in this newsletter, I'm going to

describe in detail the nefarious, dysfunctional and stupid

ways in which this man conducts his business. However, I want

to start with his name... which is...

Alec Jone

As I said, I'll tell you all about

"Mr." Jone a few paragraphs later in this

newsletter. Before I do that, I'd like to give you a few

general tips on how to prepare yourself to deal with a

Nightmare Client like this particular dumb ass.

Tip 1: Make Yourself

100% Judgment Proof.

Exactly how to do this is outside the scope of

this newsletter. If you do a little research, you will find it

is easy-as-pie to make yourself "bullet-proof" from

lawsuits, counter-lawsuits, alimony payments, etc. You know

what I would do if you sued me for a lot of money? I'd

probably not even show up for any of the hearings. That means

an automatic Judgment would be awarded in your favor. At that

point, you would be free to take every action provided by law

for you to collect on the Judgment you had against me.

After you spent a considerable amount of your

time and money trying to collect from me (while I, on the

other hand, spent my time working on my tan and laughing at

your efforts) you would sooner or later discover you had

embarked on an utterly useless endeavor.

Tip 2: Learn To Wear A

Wire.

99.9% of the time, I do not bother to record

the conversations I have with clients and other people.

However, once I sense a client is less than ethical, I make it

a point to wear a hidden recording device on my body to

capture all of our private, face-to-face conversations. I also

make it a point to record all phone conversations with clients

I suspect are unethical.

Tip 3:

Learn The Law.

A little-known fact about me is I attended law

school. Because I had no intention of ever becoming an

attorney, I never graduated with a degree. I just wanted to

know the true ins-and-outs of litigation so I could keep

myself from being financially sodomized by dirt-bag attorneys

and other people.

Now that you know the basics of how to pave

the way of dealing with a Nightmare Client, I'd like to give

you my real-life story about how I am dealing with Alec Jone,

the worst client I've had in my 30-year career.

Let me begin by telling you how I happened to

get involved with him. Shortly before my December 10, 1999

seminar, I received a telephone call from a young woman who

wanted to desperately to attend. She had a problem in that her

boss (Alec Jone) was only willing to pay one-half the tuition

price. I hate discounting fees to attend my seminars or other

services... still... she seemed so genuinely eager to learn, I

made an exception. I allowed her to attend at half the price

the other attendees had to pay. This, by the way, as you shall

soon see, is further evidence of the axiomatic truth...

No Good Deed Goes Unpunished!

Anyway, when I met this young woman at the

seminar in Phoenix, I was enchanted. Neta Friedman was this

very captivating, young, blond woman with a sparkling

personality as well as a very sincere desire to learn the

business of direct marketing. One thing led to another and

eventually, she convinced her boss to hire me. She also

persuaded me to take Alec as a client and accept the

copywriting job.

The initial piece of work I did for them was

to write an ad for a diet product which was supposedly

blood-type specific. I had misgivings about the efficacy of

such a diet but, they had their in-house "doctor"

(Alfred Schwingner) speak with me and inform me of all the

reasons this was a valid diet.

I wrote the ad... and... the ad bombed.

For one thing, this particular diet required

the prospects to know their blood type. Many people think they

know their blood type... yet... they are not sure enough about

it to spend money to buy a diet product without first checking

with their doctor. They want their doctor to confirm whether

or not their blood type is, in fact, "O,"

"A," "B," "AB", or whatever.

This obviously created an ordering delay... and... in direct

response advertising...

Delay Usually Translates

To The Death Of A Sale!

In an attempt to overcome this obstacle,

Alec's corporation, Nutcasebizz, Inc., then decided (in their

infinite wisdom) they would sell their customers a plastic

fork-like device. The customers could use this gadget to jab

themselves in the ass or wherever and then, use it with the

test kits they were provided to determine with accuracy their

own blood type. Needless to say, this was one of the most

idiotic ideas ever conceived by a marketer... and... it didn't

work.

Since my guarantee is once a client has paid

the $15,000 up-front fee for my services, I will make at least

three attempts to write a home-run ad for their product...

and... since my first attempt failed, Nutcasebizz wanted me to

write a second ad for this blood-specific diet. I didn't want

to write another ad because I felt (and I still do) there

wasn't any kind of ad that could be written by anybody which

would convince people to buy this type of looney-tunes diet

product. Still, I didn't want to leave my client high and dry.

So, I suggested to Nutcasebizz, rather than

write another ad for this blood-specific diet product, I write

a brand-new ad about a different product. I offered to fly to

New Jersey to do this for them without receiving any extra

payment whatsoever, if they would simply pick up my airfare

plus hotel expenses. Nutcasebizz agreed to this.

I flew up north and walked into their

corporate offices. This was the most insane, dysfunctional

group of people I have ever met. Immediately, I reiterated to

Alec, I found it hard to believe the blood-specific diet was

actually valid. He told me "Doctor"

Schwingner had tested the product and assured him it

was truthful. I asked to speak with the doctor one-on-one and

was put in a room alone with him.

My opening words to him were, "Tell

me about this blood-specific diet."

He replied, "It's

a fraud. It doesn't work. We thought maybe it would at the

beginning. Even though we continue advertising it, we've since

learned it's invalid." (NOTE: It is exactly at times

like this I find it invaluable to be wearing a hidden

microphone on my body.)

Shortly thereafter, I relayed the doctor's

comments to Alec who affected mock surprise and allowed as how

maybe we should work together on a different product.

We began by assembling the staff of

Nutcasebizz in a room with me so I could ask them questions.

These people all had the attention span of a gnat. They

couldn't focus on anything for more than 10-seconds at a time.

We were constantly interrupted by phone calls, people knocking

on the door asking what we wanted for lunch, Alec's wife (Monikah)

scared to death something was happening she didn't know about,

and other endless and aggravating disruptions. This came to a

screeching halt when I lost my patience and started screaming

at everyone in the room. I told them if this didn't stop

immediately, I was going to the airport to head back to

Florida. At that point in time, they began to pay attention to

me and start taking notes.

Upon my arrival at Nutcasebizz, they had

regarded me as some kind of eccentric "Willy Nelson-type

guy." However, before I left, they were taping every word

of advice I was giving them and even raising their hands to

ask permission to go to the bathroom.

Prior to my returning to Florida, I had

created a brand-new ad for a different product. It seemed to

me this was a "clean" ad which would be profitable.

Their in-house legal department questioned a few of the

statements I made in that ad. I simply reminded them I only

used statements which had already been cleared and approved by

them in their own previous ads. That shut them up and they

proceeded to test my ad.

This ad was a run-away winner. I had hit the

ball out of the park for them. For every $1,000 Alec and

Nutcasebizz were spending on advertising, they were getting

$5,000 or $6,000 back on sales. This doesn't even count all

the back-end profits they should have made from these

customers.

I went home a tired but happier man.

Soon after, I realized my commission checks

were always late... furthermore... they seemed to be

short-changing me. When I asked Nutcasebizz about this, they

told me they were too busy running my ad and taking the orders

to take care of other matters like their accounting and

sending me my full commission checks. Needless to say, I was a

very unhappy chappy about all this and at that time, I made my

displeasure known. I asked them to send me a commission check

twice a month instead of just once a month, which they agreed

to. For a short period of time, they did send me the

semimonthly checks... however... they were still

short-changing me.

I know this to be true because the ad was

pulling 5 or 6 to 1 and their so-called 5% commission checks

didn't even amount to 5% of the money they were spending on

advertising... let alone... the 5% on gross sales I was

entitled to receive.

I'd like to take a side trip which will

illustrate the dysfunctionality of this company...

Alec Jone has his wife, Monikah, working for

the company. Perhaps she has some invisible utilitarian value

to the company. If so, whatever it is, it totally escapes me.

As far as I could tell, Monikah is a very attractive woman who

suffers from what used to be called "Stewardess

Syndrome."

Years ago, airline stewardesses had to be

registered nurses with an outgoing, friendly personality with

drop-dead good looks. These stewardesses would socialize and

often party with the pilots. Occasionally, a stewardess would

get one of the pilots to marry her. Afterwards though, she

would sit at home and worry her pilot-husband was doing with

the other stewardesses what she used to do with the other

pilots. She would become jealous, over-protective and

paranoid. In my opinion, that exactly

describes Monikah Jone. I think the only reason she works

for Nutcasebizz is "to protect her turf."

Did I mention Neta is Monikah's sister?

Although both of them are drop-dead good looking, Monikah is

extremely threatened by the fact Neta is 10-years younger.

Monikah is constantly accusing Neta of having sex with Alec.

Situations like this are not only ugly, they

also have a very adverse effect when you are trying to run a

profitable business. For example, we were going to use

"before-and-after" photos of Neta in the second (the

winning) ad I created for Nutcasebizz. Neta had gained an

enormous amount of weight during her pregnancy and she said

she lost that extra weight after the birth of her baby with

the help of Nutcasebizz diet products. Even though those

pictures were perfect for the ad, it turns out we were

"forbidden" to use them.

Why? Because Monikah said she somehow felt

these photos would cast an improper image of the company. When

Monikah was reminded she herself used to enter (and win)

bikini contests on a regular basis... she said that was

different. I didn't get it then, and I don't get it now. How

could using modest photos of her sister in a

"before-and-after" diet ad possibly be negative for

the corporation?

What I think though is, Monikah is one of

those sad people who has relied on her looks all her life to

get what she wants. Now that she's "a little longer in

the tooth," she is very frightened by younger women...

especially... her own sister whom she feels has eclipsed her

in physical beauty. It is indeed a sorry situation when a man

or woman has nothing else in their "tool kit" for

getting through their lives than their physical appearance.

Unfortunately, this obsessiveness about

relying on physical appearances has rubbed off on Neta. This

mindset caused her to have a completely unnecessary surgery to

enhance the size of her breasts. Not to be outdone, you can be

sure if she hasn't already, Monikah too will soon have a boob

job... and... unless I miss my guess, an unnecessary face lift

and other cosmetic surgeries.

It all makes me sad. Monikah and Neta both are

extremely attractive women. Unfortunately, it's men like Alec

who make them feel so insecure, these women believe they have

to resort to any means possible... to be attractive enough...

to deserve these assholes' attention.

Not only does Alec have his wife working for

him, he also has his brother working for the company. His

brother has his girlfriend working for the company. Now try to

follow this: While I was in New Jersey, the brother's

girlfriend registered a complaint about Neta to the effect

Neta was trying to seduce her boyfriend (Alec's brother). This

was based on Neta's supposedly flirting with Alec's brother

during a meeting which I attended.

Even though Neta was dressed very

conservatively at that meeting, supposedly, when she leaned

across the table to pick up some papers or something, it was

possible to see a 1/4 inch of her bra strap where it crossed

one of her shoulders. I can assure you Neta was in no way

flirting with Alec's brother or in any way trying to seduce or

titillate anyone. The fact of the matter is, she's a very

hard-working individual and the most valuable person who works

for Nutcasebizz. Neta's efforts have been Herculean in trying

to make Nutcasebizz a profitable company... despite the

fact... she has to work with a group of people jealous of her

appearance (and ability) who moronically try to thwart her

efforts at every turn.

Unfortunately, by this time, I had introduced

Alec to some of my most important contacts in the direct

response business. I was embarrassed I had done this since

none of my colleagues much liked working with a man who can't

focus on a conversation for more than 20-seconds without

allowing himself to be interrupted. They've told me Alec is

constantly paying his bills late, changing ad schedules,

making unnecessary and foolish revisions to the ad copy,

asking idiotic questions, besides being an all-around

aggravation for everyone who works with him.

Now that you get an idea of how truly

dysfunctional Nutcasebizz is, let's get back to the issue of

my commissions.

Alec said he received a couple of letters

regarding the new diet ad from Attorney Generals in two

different States. Anyone who runs any type of diet ad knows

these types of letters are routine. Since Alec didn't know

what to do, I gave him the name of one of the most competent

and hard-boiled attorneys with which I have ever worked.

This attorney scared the living shit out of

Alec. What he did was analogous to comparing Alec's business

with someone attempting to drive a car from Los Angeles to New

York.  Yes, it's

true you could get lost in a bad part of town, or your tires

could explode, or you could get in an accident. All of these

are things which could happen... and thus... a trip like this

should not be undertaken by someone who drives as

incompetently as Alec runs his business.

At that point, Alec panicked and stopped

running the winning ad I had written for him. This is the

outcome I had hoped for. You see, the "alphabet

agencies" don't scrutinize newspapers extremely carefully

looking for ads which are fraudulent. They're too busy for

that. These agencies are like cops and only respond to

complaints. Cops don't go door-to-door asking homeowners if

they've had any problems recently. No, police are too busy to

respond to anything except the "squeals" which come

across the radios in their patrol cars. But the ad Alec was

running was generating a lot of complaints. Mostly

because he didn't have competent people to answer the phones,

answer the customers' questions or, ship the product on a

prompt basis.

I simply wanted Alec Jone to completely get

out of the direct response business. I thought it would be a

good thing for all concerned if he remained in the sleazy

occupation he was in before meeting me. He was a

"hypnotist" who ran around the country screaming at

people during his seminars who supposedly hypnotized them into

giving up smoking and losing weight. There may be an exception

but, just for the record, I have never met a hypnotist, with a

shred of ethics. This business of Alec's had generated (even

before I met the man) all kinds of flack from Attorney

Generals in States like Rhode Island, Texas, Pennsylvania and

others too numerous to mention.

Since he couldn't stop all the ads from

running which were already scheduled, I asked Alec what he was

going to do about the residual orders still coming in from

those magazine ads and other publications. His answer was

simple: He was going to keep the money from all those

orders... however... he was not going to pay me my

commissions. Take note boys and girls: In actuality, if the ad

wasn't "clean" (as Alec claimed)... then... he

should have simply returned all the orders he received from

that ad. In that case, I

would have felt fine about him not paying me my commissions.

I told Alec if he was going to keep the money

from these orders and not pay me my commissions, he was going

to have to deal with me in court. He replied, 'fine, go ahead

and sue me. You'll win the lawsuit but, it will delay me from

having to pay you for a considerable length of time.'

Good Sirs and Fair Maidens, this moron kneweth

naught with whom he dealteth.

I'm suing him alright but, not for any

commissions he owes me. No, Step 1 in handling a Nightmare

Client is...

Suing For Civil Fraud!

The FDA, FTC and Postal Authorities are going

to be watching my civil lawsuit against Alec like hawks. You

know how O.J. won the criminal lawsuit against him but lost

the civil one? That's because the lawyers did it backwards.

Let me explain: A civil lawsuit is far less restrictive in what information you can force

the defendant to give you... than... what you can obtain

in a criminal lawsuit. So,

if you first bring out all the negative shit in a civil case,

it makes winning a criminal case a slam dunk... because... you

have all those nasty, negative facts you obtained in the much

more liberal atmosphere of civil litigation.

If you've read my book, How

To Make Maximum Money In Minimum Time, and have read the

chapter entitled "The Dark Side Of Success" you have

probably figured out the various "alphabet agencies"

would love to have me work with them. I very seldom choose to

do this. I don't like snitching anyone out... even if they

deserve it. Although in some cases, people are so blatantly

evil and dishonest, I will help the authorities put them away.

For example, there's a guy named Frank Sarcone,

who never made $60,000 a year until I started working with

him. When my commission checks reached the level of $126,000

per month, Frank decided to stop paying me. This decision was

based on the advice of his business manager who, at that time,

was his live-in girlfriend. She has since bankrupted him and

Frank has now been forbidden by the powers-that-be to ever

work in the direct response business again. But, you know

what? Frank lives undercover in the Fort Lauderdale area and

is operating a direct response business using some brain-dead

loser as a "front." The authorities are soon going

to learn this and incarcerate him. Any ideas on how they are

going to get all this inside info? You be right... Sir Gary of

Halbert is going to see they have it.

Another guy in Texas (John Polk) hired me to

write an ad for him featuring Ronnie Milsap, the country

singer. I thought John was going to be running the ad in

newspapers and use it in a direct mail campaign. That wasn't

how he used it at all. No, what he wanted was to brag to

people in multi-level marketing meetings they should join him

in his MLM scam because he had secured the services of the

world's best copywriter. This made me livid. Where do you

think John is now? He's serving out a six year term in a

federal prison in Texas. Want to take a stab at who put him

there?

My guess is (because a little bird told me)

Alec Jone is also going to wind up incarcerated. In my

opinion, he's not going to do too well during his

imprisonment. He talks and acts tough... yet... he's nothing

more than a loud-mouth, New Jersey street punk and I would

venture to say by the time he serves his sentence, his asshole

will approximate the size of the Holland Tunnel. Prisons are not

populated by women, relatives and employees who will eat shit

from people like Alec. Prisons are populated by real,

hard-core, tough guys who, I surmise, will have him wearing

lipstick, bras, panties and dresses in record time.

Proceeding with Step 2 in dealing with a

Nightmare Client...

Turn Off The Money Spigot!

To do this, I am sending a certified letter to

newspaper space banks, standby ad placement agencies, print

media sources and the like. My letter will inform each of them

Alec Jone is continuing to run a suspect ad, of the

forthcoming civil and criminal proceedings, along with the

fact if they continue to run ads for him, they will do so at

the risk of having to deal with a conspiracy indictment filed

against them.

Because Alec also has his own (incompetent)

in-house advertising agency, I am writing a separate letter to

every newspaper in the SRDS telling them about Alec and why

they should not accept any of his ads.

Is there another step in dealing with

Nightmare Clients? You bet your bippee there is! Step 3 is...

Piercing The Corporate Veil!

Alec probably thinks because of his

"corporate veil" his personal money will be

invulnerable. Little does he know his corporate veil is going

to be pierced in a micro-second... and therefore... he is

going to be drained of not only all his business money... but

also... he'll be drained of all his personal assets.

Does all this sound a little over the top to

you? Do you think maybe I'm overreacting? If so, let me tell

you of a stomach-turning event which occurred to me about

2-1/2 weeks ago.

I'm sitting in the salon of my houseboat,

drinking a cup of coffee and reading the Miami

Herald. I turn the page... and... lo and behold... there

is almost word-for-word the exact ad I had written for

Nutcasebizz! You guessed it, the very same ad Alec said he

wasn't going to be running any more. There were a few cosmetic

changes but, I bet if you put that ad side-by-side with my ad,

you'd be hard put to find those changes.

This Nightmare Client of mine is a thief, a

bully and a simpleton... all rolled up into one.

I intend to pound this man completely out of

the direct marketing business. I don't care if he's selling

hypnosis seminars, diet products or Bibles. I don't care what

company names he uses or how cleverly he attempts to disguise

the fact he is running these businesses. I have two detectives

watching every move he makes. And every time there is an

opportunity to thwart him, I will be there to do it for all

the rest of his days.

Do you think I like doing this? Actually, I

hate it. I would much rather help people than hurt them. But

Alec is a loud-mouth bully who hires doctors who really aren't

doctors, incompetent attorneys... and... wives, relatives and

other family members who he abuses with impunity. If the law

allowed it, I'd simply take him out in an alley to beat the

living shit out of him. Of course, it's not legal so, I'll do

the best I can with other methods.

To prove to you I only take this kind of

action as a last resort, I will tell you what else I did

recently. Since Monikah and Neta are directly involved, I sent

a multi-page fax to each of them. I wanted to give them the

opportunity to see how this situation could be resolved

quickly and peaceably. You know what? Neither of them has even

bothered to acknowledge the terms of that fax. Maybe it's

because Alec or his bullshit "corporate counsel"

didn't want them to see the fax so, they didn't give it to

them. Or maybe it's because Monikah and Neta don't understand

how real and immediate this situation is.

Oh well, I tried.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

Alec

and his attorney have tried to make the point they

relied on me to write a clean and honest ad for them

and, if anything goes wrong, I too will be liable.

That's utter bullshit. True, some copywriters get

indicted along with their clients... however... those

copywriters are partners with their client. Me?

I'm not Alec's partner and, in fact, I don't even get

paid for the work I did for him.

Secondly, holding

a copywriter or an advertising agency responsible for

the claims made in an ad would virtually stop all

advertising in America. How so? Suppose a client came

out with a new car and asked a copywriter to write an

ad about it. This client told the copywriter the car

gets 51 miles per gallon, has 265 horsepower, and will

go from 0-to-60 in 4.5 seconds. Is the copywriter or

the advertising agency supposed to test this car

somehow and figure out if it really does have 265

horsepower or if the other claims about the product

are true? No, of course not.

It is he who publishes an

ad who is responsible for the claims in the ad.

Alec's corporate

counsel sent me a memo of how he

"reluctantly" approved my ad. That's like

saying he "reluctantly" agreed to drive the

get away car after his comrades robbed the bank. With

that statement, Alec's corporate counsel is now going

to join Alec, Monikah, Neta and the good doctor in

being sued and indicted. These people are truly crazy.

P.S.#2

Anyway,

I hope for those of you who decide to become

copywriters, you have gotten some useful ideas from

this newsletter on how to handle "Nightmare

Clients."

Peace.

*The

story is true but some of the names have been changed.*

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.