SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zszd_didn%27t_masturbate.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:06
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend and Subscriber,

I didn't have to

masturbate to get my heart started this morning.

Plus, nothing evil

or toxic seems to have happened to me so far today.

So, I should feel

good but, I don't.  No specific reason. I just feel

down-in-the-dumps.  I guess I'm just like everyone else.  Sometimes,

I'm

just plain overwhelmed by life.  On other days, I find myself inexplicably

cheerful, confident and optimistic.  There doesn't seem to be much rhyme

or reason to it.  Not as much as I'd like for there to be anyway.

Awhile back, some

guy told me, "You know Gary, life is like a shit

sandwich.  Everyday you get another bite.  And the difference is , On

good

days, you get more bread."

But, you know

what?  There is something I could do that almost always

cheers me up...so...I'm going to try it today.  Here I go.  What I'm

going to try to do today is...

Write A Good Newsletter!

Howzabout I give you

some really simple, easy-to-execute little tips

that will make your marketing endeavors considerably more profitable?

Doesn't that sound like it has some "cheering-up-potential"?

I think it

does so, here they are:

Tip #1:

"Reading Statistics:  What You Don't Know Could Be Killing

Your

Advertising Results!"

Did you know that a clear 90% of the people in the U.S. read at

a

grade seven (age 12) level or lower?

Also, did you know that research shows reading from a computer screen

is around 25% slower than reading from paper?

What should you conclude from these facts?  Give up?  Okay,

it's this

You Must Write

In Plain English...

Your Writing Must Be Simple... And...

It Must Be Clear!

That means short and simple words, sentences and paragraphs in

your

copy.  Are there any hard and fast rules?  Not really.

I'll give you some

guidelines, though.

As far as words, sentences and paragraphs go...don't use a ten-dollar

word when a simple one will work just as well.  Keep your

sentences

relatively short... say, 14-17 or less words.  And if you have

longer

ones, break them up with ellipsis... or dashes-.

As a general rule, paragraphs should not exceed 6 lines.

However, I

usually stay around 2 to 4.  And it's a good idea to mix it up...

have

some one sentence paragraphs...even one or two word paragraphs...

Like this.

Actually, one of the best ways to learn how to write clearly is...

study proven sales letters.  Find the ones you know are

winners... that

are easiest to read and model their layout/style.  If you're not

already

collecing good sales letters, get started now.  Get on the

mailing lists

of Agora Publishing, Phillips Publishing and Rodale Books.  And,

if you're

really serious, buy at least one or two products from each of them.

You'll get more good to great sales letters, magalogs, bookalogs, etc.,

than you can shake a stick at... delivered right to your front door.

Here's another tip...

If you use Microsoft Word, you can test the readability of your ads

and sales letters.  Here's what you do: Click on the Tools button

at the

top of the screen.  A menu will come up.  In that menu click

on Options.

Then you'll see a Spelling & Grammar button... click that.

Then there's a

check box at the bottom that says, "Show readability

statistics"... click

that.  Then when you spell check your document, you'll get a box

that

looks sort of like this...

Readability Statistics:

Counts___________

Words: 1037

Characters: 4909

Paragraphs: 38

Sentences: 96

Averages:_________

Sentences per Paragraph: 3.0

Words per Sentence: 10.3

Characters per Word: 4.3

Readability_______

Passive Sentences: 2%

Flesch Reading Ease: 74.6

Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level: 5.4

Those are the readability statistics for this newsletter.  Not

bad.  In

general, you should aim for a grade level of 6 or lower.  And a

reading

ease of 70 or higher.

Here's yet another tip...

Envision

Your Customer As A Dolt!

My friend and colleague, Jeff Paul says that when he sits down to

write a sales letter or ad, he thinks of his average customer as being

just like Homer Simpson.  (You know, the lovable oaf from the

famous TV

show The Simpsons.)  But not in a derogatory way.  In

this way: For every

word, sentence and paragraph Jeff writes... he asks the question:

Would

Homer understand this?  (Meaning: If Homer can understand it...

my

customer will easily be able to.)

Great advice.  By the way, I love it when Homer says...

"Doh!"

Anyway, don't worry about turning-off the brainiacs with your simple

writing style.  They're apparently only 10% of the crowd.

And, if it's

something they want to hear, they'll appreciate simple clarity...

plus...

the rest of your audience will still be able to understand it.

And know this: People are busy and they are bombarded with 1000's

of

advertising messages every day.  If your sales message isn't

bold,

dramatic... and ... SIMPLE... they'll just ignore it!  You can't

make them

work to understand your message.

One last thing:  Since people read 25% slower from a computer

monitor

than they do from paper... you'd better be extra clear when writing

sales

materials online.

Tip

#2:  "Two Quick Formatting Tips That'll Boost Response To

All Your Ads

And Sales Letters!"

Here's a couple of quick tips that'll boost response to all your ads

and sales letters.  What's great about these tips... is they only

take a

few minutes per promo to implement:

1. Don't end a page in your sales letters on a period...

or... a column of copy in an ad on a period.

2. Put a footer (in the bottom right hand corner) on all

your sales letters that says something like, "go to next

page".  If you run multi-page newspaper or magazine

ads... do the same.

Here's why: When you end a page (or a column of copy) on a

period, you

give the reader a chance to stop reading.  Bad! Very bad!

Instead, you

want to think of your promo as a greased slide, that, once they get

on,

there's no way to stop until the very end... where they then whip

out

their wallet and buy.

Let me take this a step further.

If, for example, a person is reading your sales letter (or ad) and is

near the end of a page... and the phone rings... if they can finish

that

page because you ended it on a period... they are then much more

likely

to do that and answer the phone.  Doesn't have to be the

phone.  Any

distraction.  And once they are distracted from your letter,

that may be

your one chance to get an order... gone forever!  Remember this:

Delay

Is The Death Of A Sale!

Could you imagine a salesperson, in the middle of their pitch saying,

"Excuse me, I have to go to the bathroom."  They'd

never make any sales...

or very few.  Just remember:  Once you've hooked 'em, don't

ever, ever give

them any opportunity to get away!

Also, a footer that says, "go to next page" or "go to

page 2" helps to

keep them moving down the greased slide, as well.

I can't tell you how many sales letters cross my desk without

these

simple response boosters.  And I'm not talking from amateurs

either.

Advertising and Marketing Gurus (that I won't name here) make

this

mistake... OFTEN!  There's no reason to... other than laziness or

sloppiness.  Don't make this mistake yourself.  It'll cost

you money!

Another thing you can do, is make your pages end on kind of a cliff-

hanger.  Like right before you are getting ready to reveal a

secret... or

something important.

On the following page is a perfect example:

Not only will I reveal how to double your

income in 5 days or less, I'm also going to

(Go to page 2...)

Or something like that.  Notice I put the footer in parenthesis

and bold italics... use the bolding to draw attention... the italics

are optional.

Here are a few other sample phrases you might use:

(go

to the next page)

(next

page please)

(Please

go to the next page and continue reading...)

(turn

over)

(over...)

Study ads and find others that you like.  I personally keep

it simple,

but specific (see example in the box above).

This is not rocket science... but... it sure can make a big difference

in response.  How big?  I'm not exactly sure.  But it

really doesn't matter.

It does make a difference... and ... it's simple to use.  So why

not do it?

Tip #3:

"A Quickie Formatting Tip That'll Instantly Boost Response

To All Your Ads

And Sales Letters!"

This tip is simple and easy to apply.  And it's this:  If

you want to improve response to every ad and sales letter you write...

Put Your

Headline In Quotes!

How well does this work? Well, to tell the truth, I'm not exactly

sure.

Here are a couple of statistics I've read.  David Ogilvy in his

book

Ogilvy on Advertising says, "When you put a headline in

quotes, recall

goes up 38%."  Another stat I read says,

"...headlines in quotes receive

28% more attention."

I'm not sure what the difference is between "recall" and

"attention"...

but I don't really care.  Quotes around your headline compel more

people

to read your ad or sales letter... so... I use them.  You should

too!

Another thing I've taken to, is if I have subheads under my main

headline... I put them in quotes too.  BUT... I don't close my

quotes

until the last subhead.  Again, on the next page is an example:

“Send

no money… it’s free and easy to get started…

but only for a limited time…

“Who

Else Wants To Be Spoonfed

The Hottest Moneymaking Secrets

Known

To Man?

“Each

and every month, Key West entrepreneur and self-made

millionaire, Nancy Jones does an in-depth interview

and

uncovers the innermost secrets of a “super high-achiever”

in

the field of business of personal success… and… delivers

it on

audiotape to the doorsteps of her exclusive mastermind

members.

Now, at last, you can become a member too and

get

a multi-million dollar business and success education

in the

comfort and leisure of your own home (or car).

“It’ll

cost you nothing to get started.

Plus, if you’re not

satisfied… for any reason or no reason at all… you’ll

pay

nothing ever - guaranteed!

(Please read this entire message

right away because, this offer is strictly limited

and expires

for good on Wednesday, April 4, 2001!)”

Why do I do this?  Again, to tell the truth, I'm not exactly sure

if it

improves response or not (or, if so, by how much)... but... I noticed

it

being done a lot in magalogs.  Magalogs I know that are (or were)

controls. I don't have any hard evidence to back this up... but...

I

feel, if you close the quotes after every subhead or the headline...

it

kind of puts up a reading roadblock.  By leaving them open, then

putting a

quote in front of the next subhead... I believe you draw the reader

down

and through your copy.

When I just have a headline with no subheads, I close the quotes after

the headline.

The leaving the quotes open thing is just my opinion... albeit... a

somewhat informed opinion.

(By the way:  A control is the winning or strongest ad or mail piece

a

company runs.  One that they test other ads or mail pieces

against and it

pulls in more sales.  A magalog is a multi-page thing you get in

the mail

that looks like an informative magazine... but... is really a sales

piece.  They give some information... but leave the info

incomplete enough

to entice you to order whatever product or service is being offered.)

Tip #4:

"How To Use Free Bonuses To Increase The Perceived Value Of

Your Offers And

Increase Sales!"

This lesson is a basic, but useful one.

Remember the old Ginsu knives infomercials?  Remember how they'd

pile on the free bonuses to get you to order?  If not, it went

something like

this:

"But wait, that's not all!  If you order in the next 30

minutes... I'll

not only send you the entire 36-piece set of Ginsu knives, I'll

include a

second set absolutely free.  And, you still get the free

fisherman's

friend fillet knife, the free indestructible cutting board... and...

etc., etc., etc."

Anyway, the reason they did that is... it works!  That is,

it increases

sales... sometimes massively.  And all you've got to do to see

this

technique used at its perfection, is tune in to late night

television.

Just stay up late and watch a few cheesy infomercials.

They've really got it down to a science.  They have to.  It

costs so

much money to make and test an infomercial ($100,000 or more easily)

there's no room for error.  If you see one of these 30-minute

spots run

over and over... pay attention... you're watching a winner!

Now, how do you apply it to your business?  Well, since I don't

know what business you're in... I'll cover a few different examples.

If you sell information, you can add more information.  Free

book.  Free tapes.

Free videos.  Free teleseminars.  Etc.

If you are in a service business, say dry cleaning, you could

offer extra free cleaning.

One shirt free for every two or

something.

A chiropractor... free exercise ball to strengthen their back

with first paid appointment.

A dentist... free teeth cleaning with first paid appointment.

Computer sales... free deluxe office chair when someone buys a

computer.

Industrial sales... free service contract for one year after

purchase of a widget.

Whatever business or industry you're in, you can use free bonuses

to

increase sales.  Just make sure the bonuses have a high perceived

value...

and... are easy (and cost-effective) to fulfill on (see caveat below).

Use your imagination and see how many ways you can apply this to

your

situation.  It's easy.

Caveat: Be wary of tail. What's "tail"? This: Say, if

you are selling a book, and you offer a 30 minute free consultation to

people if they buy your book... that consultation is tail.  You

have now sold your time. Time you are going to have to fulfill

on later down the road.  Better: Offer another similar or

complimentary free report with purchase of the book.  You can

easily fulfill on that ... and then... you are free and clear.

And the client still gets increased value...thus...more sales for you.

Hey, that was some pretty helpful stuff, wasn't it? And, you know

what?

In reality, I didn't write ANY of those tips. They were all written by

Scott ("Mongo") Haines.  Scott is the best student I've

ever had.  And now,

he publishes his own newsletter.  You should get it.  It's

free.  It's

informative.  It will help you make more money. Scott sends it

(100% free)

to anyone who gives him their e-mail address. Your e-mail address is

safe

with Scott.  It will only be used to send you his newsletter and

an

occasional bit of "Hot News". He will not rent, trade, sell

or use your

e-mail address in any other way. And, for what it's worth, I Sir Gary

of

Halbert, 100% recommend and endorse you being a subscriber to his

newsletter.  You can find out all about it by going to...

www.KillerCopySecrets.com.

That's it for this month. by turning you on to Scott's newsletter, I

feel I've done you a great favor... and... having completed this month's

newsletter has put me in a brighter mood.

Maybe life is worth living after all.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

Plagiarist

Personified

P.S. I desire

100% of the credit for all of Scott's success. And for

those students of mine who didn't

"get it", I only have this to say

about those people...

It

Was All Their Fault!

Anyway, that's the way I look at things.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.