Copyright © 2023 Dan Koe. All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written
permission of the publisher.
ISBN
978-1-936961-14-6
Published by KOE Press
www.koepress.com
Printed in the United States of AmericaDEDICATION
To the students, readers, and critics that allowed these ideas to come into
existence. Thank you for the praise, attention, and feedback that has
allowed my words to spread and change lives for the better.TABLE OF CONTENTS
Foreword
Introduction
I FIND MEANING
The Principles
The 3 Pillars
The Universe
II REINVENT YOURSELF
The Self
The Game
The Lens
The Formula
III CREATE YOUR IDEAL FUTURE
The Shift
The New Rich
The Skill StackThe Project
The Vessel
Resources & Inspiration
About the Author
The Meaning Behind the Symbol
Turn Yourself Into A BusinessFOREWORD
I met Dan Koe in between chapters of my life.
Everything seemed to be on the right track. Graduating from a top
engineering university, landing a software engineering job with decent pay,
benefits, and time flexibility, and finally being able to start my adult life.
But all the while, something inside me kept wondering when my life would
actually begin.
I always imagined my life would “begin” after I finished college and started
my career. But something still felt wrong. I still felt unfulfilled. My
emptiness led to an identity crisis, a deep depression, and a search for
meaning.
One day, I had the idea of creating internet content based on the
psychology, neuroscience, and personal development knowledge I had been
gaining over the past 2 years. My mission was to synthesize science-based,
self-improvement guides to help people overcome similar problems I’ve
faced.
That decision led me to Dan.Dan was the first person to reach out to me on social media. We were in a
networking group chat, and that group chat eventually dissolved as many
do, but Dan and I kept in touch. Many people have come and gone from my
professional network, but Dan is one of the few I talk to almost every day.
I’m proud to call him a mentor, a business partner, and a close friend.
I didn’t agree with some of Dan’s perspectives when I first met him. I came
from an engineering background and had been self-educating in cognitive
science for a few years. Dan was, in a way, the opposite of me, with
perspectives rooted in philosophy and spirituality. I believed the science I
had studied was more reliable than the seemingly woo-woo nonsense Dan
was interested in.
I can’t recall a specific disagreement we had, but I do remember at first
thinking Dan was just another spirituality bro like the many I had
encountered in passing at electronic music concerts. I knew he was
exceptionally intelligent and he was skilled at eloquently explaining his
perspectives, but a part of me harbored a quiet sense of superiority due to
my scientific approach to productivity, fulfillment, and self-actualization.
Over time, as I listened to Dan and dipped my toes in the waters of the
“other side,” I began to see that what I had learned was not an opposite or
necessarily superior perspective, but instead, it was merely a different one.
Dan and I had similar goals for both ourselves and our audiences we simply
had different ways of going about achieving those goals.
The major catalyst of this perspective shift came during a conversation we
were having along with our mutual friend, Justin C. Scott (who was also
deep into philosophy and spirituality). I asked the question that bothered me
most: How else could a recommendation be made to another person if it
was not proven to be replicable by rigorous studies in the traditional
scientific sense?
The discussion that followed helped me realize that I wasn’t a blind fanatic
of Science™; I was, instead, an enthusiast of the scientific method, a never-
ending trial and error, something Dan and I agreed on. Since thatdiscussion, I’ve invested time into studying what I thought was the “other
side” so that I could become more well-rounded for myself, those close to
me, and my online audience.
Thanks to Dan’s friendship, support, and guidance, I’ve been able to grow a
business that has finally provided a feeling of fulfillment in my life. If I had
the book you hold in your hands back then, I would’ve seen that it was
possible years earlier.
This book is a synthesis of years of Dan’s learnings, experiences, and
reflections. The first time I read the draft of the book, I was dumbfounded
by the simultaneous depth and simplicity of its teachings. I’m not ashamed
to admit I needed to read it a second time in its entirety before I felt like I
grasped it enough to write this foreword.
Here’s one of my favorite quotes from this book:
“Once you understand the game, you begin completing a series of
quests – that form a storyline – to gain experience. As you gain
experience, new opportunities become available to you. You unlock
dungeons. You can join a guild. You can travel to new locations to
complete different quests. In the real world, we often aren’t aware of
what these opportunities can be, so we choose to remain stagnant,
comfortable, and ignorant.”
This gamification approach speaks to me. As a former video game addict
(and current Dungeons & Dragons Dungeon Master), I’ve enjoyed finding
ways to think of my life more like some sort of a game — not to be won,
which is impossible, but instead to be explored, enjoyed, and experienced
as much as possible in the life we have now.
The book begins by painting a bleak picture of the average person, a picture
of the person I was in the chapter of my life before I had the idea of
becoming a creator, sharing my ideas, and starting a business. Though it
may feel like criticism, this is a necessary wake-up call so that we might be
better prepared for the lessons that come next.Of course, the journey can be difficult. I’ve found myself battling sleepless
nights, food and drink binges, and moments of seemingly hopeless despair.
But I’ve found that, almost always, those challenges arise not because of
the nature of the “game,” but instead, a lack of clarity about our next move.
Many of us feel trapped. We aren’t happy, we aren’t fulfilled, and we aren’t
progressing, just like I was a few years ago. This book gives you insights
that can take years (or decades) to fully integrate through trial, error, and
frustration.
You may need to read this book multiple times for its lessons to sink in. But
that’s okay. The greatest books always have something new to offer you
each time you return to them. As you read, apply, and reflect, you’ll find
your perspective changing. You’ll begin to find a path that will lead to
freedom, happiness, and fulfillment for yourself and those you care about.
My friendship with Dan changed my life. The book you’re about to read
will change yours.
Joey Justice
Co-Founder of Kortex & Performance ConsultantINTRODUCTION
We are at a pivotal moment in human evolution. Attention spans are
shrinking. Bodies are getting softer. Minds are growing weaker. Some
pockets are being drained while others are being filled a bit more than
usual. Technological advancements are threatening the mindless,
comfortable, and mechanical lives of the masses. It’s becoming difficult to
tell if I’m the crazy one or if everyone else is.
Wake up. Hit snooze 4 times. Stare at your phone. Roll out of bed. Make
coffee. Sit in traffic. Eight hours of unfulfilling work. Sit in traffic . . .
again. Argue with your “significant” other. Walk the pet. Watch TV. Pass
out. Repeat.
Get offended. Blame everyone but yourself. Tie your self-worth to radical
ideologies. Accept everything at face value and question nothing. Expect
free handouts for simply existing, no effort. Do what the authorities tell
you. Go to school, get a job, retire at the ripe age of whatever it may be, no
guarantees, with just the right amount of currency to survive until death.
Go through a painful experience. Find the light. Identify with it. Demonize
anyone who questions that identity. Avoid the thought of any meaning, love,
and consistent presence you had the potential of achieving in your life
because that would require you to change.What a life. A life I have lived multiple times, each one being shorter than
the next. Many people say they enjoy this lifestyle, that they are fine living
out the same day like an experimental TV drama. It seems like a peaceful
existence, but one that I could never live. The thought of something more
would eat me alive.
If the lifestyle illustrated above made you want to jump off a building,
good. You picked up the right book. This is for those that hate the thought
of ending up like everyone else. This book is for those that feel an internal
sense of despair at the thought of an unlived life. This book is for those that
know there is something more, but aren’t sure what, when, where, why, or
how. This book is for those that will not surrender the little sovereignty they
have left to the default path that too many people accept and follow without
question.
Who’s to blame for this default path? You. We are not going to start this off
by acting as if you can’t make a conscious personal choice to change who
you are, what you do, and how you do it. I do not believe that modern life is
the result of bad intentions from government officials, corrupt politicians,
mega-rich founders, and the outdated school system. You know, the people
whose products fill your house, mind, and allow you to opt out of life’s
minor inconveniences, but only for a bit.
Instead, I believe we are right where we’re supposed to be at this point in
civilization. The turning point that separates the lions from the sheep. But
this does not mean that the people, organizations, and institutions above do
not have a bit too much influence over our daily actions. What’s worse is
how they can condition a population to think in black and white, when the
magic happens in the gray, the unknown.
When it comes to the default path, I am here to give you a new perspective,
a positive one. I am not proposing that you need to get rid of all electronics,
quit all of your “bad” habits, or move out to the woods to live like a monk.
Instead, I am here to bring clarity in a time of external chaos, distraction,
and opportunity overwhelm. I am here to help you join the rich. The NewRich. The rich that don’t care to be rich, and that’s why they’re rich in more
domains than money.
My biggest fear with writing this book is that I will make it all about me,
and less about you. So, for the sake of establishing perspective, I will talk
about myself, but not for long.
My name is Dan Koe. I started this journey when I was twelve years old. I
was gifted with the specific programming that led to me questioning how
the world worked. Questioning how I could game the system. Questioning
how I could get miles ahead of everyone else with minimal, focused effort.
Questioning why everyone lived out their lives unfulfilled, unhappy,
overweight, and with an underwhelming amount of energy. Like their life
force had been sucked out of them before they had a chance to pursue their
gifts like I have mine.
I wanted autonomy above all. I was hyperobservant of my environment and
how it impacted those residing in it. Friends. Family. Acquaintances.
Colleagues. Grocery store shoppers. Corporate professionals. All of them
put off this sense of unease. A subtle projection of their deep internal state
of unhappiness. They seemed to let momentary inconveniences turn into
lifelong problems.
Telling my story is important because it shows that it is just like every other
story: it has its ups, downs, lefts, and rights. The point wasn’t to eradicate or
amplify any emotional direction by force. The point was to become aware
of experience as feedback and focus those resources toward the good life.
When I was forced to go to church and accept a belief system as law, that
was strike 1. Strike 2 was when my peers told me what not to do, but when
I questioned their logic, they danced in circles, regurgitating the same
statements their parents and teachers had filled their minds with. Religion
was the catalyst to my questioning but went on to fuel my pursuit of truth in
the immaterial, material, and everything that lies between.
At the same time, my parents had picked up a new fitness routine, one of
those DVD sets where you work out in front of your TV, and bought therequired equipment. I would sneak this equipment into my room at night
with high hopes of creating the physique of a golden-era bodybuilder.
At some point along this journey, probably due to my obsession with fitness
self-education, I became aware that the education system wasn’t going to
save me; that institutionalized education was a necessary evil that we
should evolve away from.
I realized my curiosity and intuition were going to be the source of my
potential success. I could not rely on a preset path to make an income doing
something I enjoy. Nor could I rely on it to teach me how to live a fulfilling,
healthy, or worry-free life. The state of the modern world was the only
evidence I needed to see this truth.
It started with being a silent observer. My parents would get home late,
tired, ready to bicker at each other while watching the same show over and
over until their marriage came to an end. This is not a dig at my parents. I
am grateful that they stuck together for as long as they did to provide my
siblings and me with an incredible childhood filled with adventurous
vacations and their desire for us to succeed. I admire the people they have
become despite their relationship struggles that I will never understand
because I didn’t, and never will, have access to their state of mind. The
point is this: everyone seemed bitter. I understood that the average
individual has their struggles, but they never seemed to try to solve the
problems that were a detriment to more than their own well-being. Go to
school, get a job, let whatever happens in that multi-decade time period
happen, and retire in a way where you have no meaningful work to balance
the eternal rest you craved for so long. That was the depressing song that
played on repeat in the minds of the masses.
Taking matters into my own hands was the process that stemmed from my
rebellion. I wanted quick results. If I could learn everything myself, what
was stopping me from doing it in a fraction of the time it took compared to
taking the conventional path? This is when the power of the digital world
made itself apparent to me.My eyes were glued to my computer screen for weeks, months, and years
on end. I’d take breaks, of course, but all I could think about was all of the
knowledge I lacked. Especially after feeling cheated by the conventional
resources that were supposed to secure my future.
I spent my days absorbing all the information my focus could handle on
fitness, finance, attraction, and perspectives of meaning, happiness, and
fulfillment. Consciously experimenting with the best teacher I could find –
my own mind, body, spirit, and business.
Through countless bouts of trial and error, a decade of compounding returns
on focus, and eliminating the possibility of failure from my mind, I have
built something I am proud of: a life of meaning, money, and mastery.
At the age of twenty-six, I fill my days with activities I enjoy, I have created
a sizeable income pursuing my life’s work, and I have attained a degree of
freedom that other millionaires of the world would die for. Some of them
have said this to my face.
This did not come in an instant, of course. It took a decade of failures,
minor successes, feeling hopeless and lost, with a nagging voice in the back
of my mind whispering, “It’s possible . . . you don’t have to end up like the
rest.” This self-taught path brought me to success much faster than the
traditional route would have, without the money cap.
On many occasions, I have met individuals who are quick to fill in the
blanks of my story with theirs. When I mention my lifestyle and associated
income, they are quick to favor coping over curiosity. Closing their minds
off to the thought of their potential. I’m relieved to inform you that what
I’ve achieved is not the product of an inheritance, nepotism, a wealthy
family, random luck, or a benefactor.
I’m an average guy that came from a middle-class, single-income family.
There is nothing special about what I have accomplished. I am not living in
a different reality from the rest of the population. Even if I grew up on the
other side of the world, I would still have access to the information, human
experience, and mental ability to maneuver my way to this position. It mayhave taken more time, yes, but that isn’t a valid excuse. There doesn’t seem
to be a more worthwhile endeavor to dedicate your life to than to see what
you are capable of.
The journey you are about to embark on is not for the faint-hearted. It is not
an external journey, but an internal one. Not a material journey, but
immaterial. Not a physical journey, but spiritual. If all I had was a socially
accepted definition of a beautiful person of the opposite sex, an abundance
of American currency, a nice machine on wheels, and an aesthetic form of
my physical body, my life would be all looks and no depth. It would mean
nothing. It would serve nothing. It would continue existing as nothing of
true value.
I am writing this book as a map with faint lines. A map to getting paid for
doing what you love, traveling the world, and doing whatever you want. A
map to mental peace, meaningful pursuits, and fulfilling relationships. A
map to becoming a self-sustaining, self-reliant, and sovereign individual.
Dualistically free. I want to give you the tools to a better life, let you crash
and burn, and watch you create the light at the end of your own tunnel.
I cannot make this change for you. I cannot promise you a better life. I
cannot make you do these things. I can only give you the lessons I’ve
learned through living unconventionally. It is your job to take these lessons,
experience them for yourself, and make your own decisions. Do not by any
means outsource your thinking, decision-making, or potential success to
these teachings. I will be one of the first to tell you to quadruple your
expectations for how long you think it will take. It will take your entire life,
because that’s the point of it. This is a tool, a guide, an art and should be
treated as such.
A WORLD OF DISTRACTIONS
Do you want your time, attention, and life-changing experiences stolen
from you? Are you okay with sitting by, being a slave to modern
distractions that have been laid out like breadcrumbs, leading to a life ofdrained pockets, zapped neurochemistry, abysmal energy levels, and the
gradual destruction of anything meaningful in your life? Are you okay with
continuing the never-ending search for “safe,” “secure,” and “pleasurable”
experiences that leave you with the opposite feelings?
This is the life of the modern human. Walking down an undefined path with
mouths open, minds off, and shopping carts – physical and digital – filled
with doses that should be considered poison. All while playing a character
operating on inconducive and unfiltered information, playing the role
they’ve been molded to play.
As a collective, we are suppressing our choice to improve so we can
continue being spoon-fed pleasurable, numbing, and artificial experiences.
Some may think that there is a puppet master hiding behind the state of the
modern world, conspiring to create hell on Earth. In reality, it is the
individual’s inability to understand their nature and use it to adapt to the
rapid advancements of our time.
The modern world – more so Western society – is designed not by man, but
by years of evolution to keep you in chains. A slave to the system. A
drooling bag of bones that craves instant gratification, free handouts, and
constant stimulation. This is what our psyche craves, and never has it been
so available. Mental mastery must become a top priority so that you can
adapt to the times.
Our choices are not our own, and our choices create who we are. The
familiarity we have adopted into our lives digs us deeper into the hole of
mediocrity. Those that dare challenge this narrative carry the heaviest
burden. If you choose to embark on this path, you will be criticized,
mocked, and cut off.
Your beliefs will be challenged. Your transformation will be painful.
However, this is the only worthwhile path. I am being dramatic here, and
there is a reason behind that. Exaggeration is useful to get the essence of the
situation across, because that indeed can be more dangerous than my boldassumptions. I am going to make mediocrity so repulsive that you have no
choice but to use your gift of creation.
Everywhere you turn, there are distractions that lead you further away from
who you are and who you want to become. Processed food is dangled in
front of your face like you are a lab rat. People with misaligned goals flood
you with invitations to test how important your own are.
Our souls are being sucked out of us from fluorescent-lit cubicles. We have
no sense of meaning and little drive to pursue our life’s work. We stick to
short-term goals just to free up enough space for us to return to the
activities that are killing us, not in an absolutely physical manner, but a
holistic one. Mind, body, spirit, and business under the lens of your life’s
work.
My intention is not to paint these things as bad. Bad is relative, and
oftentimes these modern “poisons” are useful, necessary, and fun, but not as
an eternal day-to-day lifestyle. The ability to moderate is cultivated with
experience, but moderation is difficult without awareness, education, and
forward progress.
Illnesses are being diagnosed within the fifteen-minute time frame you are
given to describe your symptoms. Pills are handed out like candy because
people don’t have the patience to implement simple lifestyle changes.
“Trusted” information is paid for, marketed, and perfectly designed to grab
your attention, polarize you, and keep you in a state of negativity, even if it
is not their intention.
Mainstream advice encourages you to do everything but improve your life.
And if they encourage you to do so, it is in the form of attaching to and
defending their ideology. Few people are questioning said information or
looking where the money isn’t flowing. Everybody has access to the
internet and the ability to spread their negative opinion like wildfire.
We tap into our innate negativity bias, fry our dopamine receptors, and tie
ourselves to our lightboxes, straying further from what is. Those that havethe ability to think for themselves quickly realize that they are being
manipulated.
When people hear the word “work,” they cower in fear, hoping that the
weekend will extend a few days so they can cuddle up on the couch until
further notice. When people hear the word “rest,” they grab an unhealthy
snack, pour some fermented grape juice, and fall into a vegetative state,
hoping that they never have to come out.
The concept of one’s “life’s work” has been lost by all but those who learn
to focus. Everyone has been made to believe that their life is out of their
control, that there is a set path to follow that will result in eventual
happiness.
They think that if they stick it out long enough, they will reach what
everyone is searching for: freedom. Even then, the general perception of
freedom is to avoid all work, immerse themselves in “rest,” and live out
their days as if they were fulfilled by creating nothing by their own desire.
This is backwards. You cannot understand freedom if you do not conquer
what made you a slave.
I do not believe people are miserable. Maybe at times, like everyone else,
but I do believe that the majority of people are on a perpetual spectrum of
dissatisfaction with their lives. There is a deep, inner voice calling out that
is suppressed by a veil of responsibilities, excuses, and perceived
uncertainty.
Due to this, the masses remain unaware of their potential, and I am aware
that I cannot save them all. They have not taken that first step into the
unknown, and who knows if they ever will. The difference between you and
them is this book. If you do not have the awareness of the possibility of a
better life, it is impossible for such a future to actualize.
I am not saying this to destroy all hope you had for a better life. The system
may be rigged against you, but that’s the thing. With the advancements in
technology, medicine, and decentralization, anybody can build wealth,leverage, and an overwhelming sense of satisfaction in life. All they need to
do is learn how to focus in this beautiful black hole of distractions.
WHY FOCUS?
Humans can process 10–50 bits of information per second with their
conscious attention. The what, how, and why behind that information we
choose to process will determine our quality of life. That is, what we hold
in our attention, how we interpret that information, and why we gave it our
attention in the first place is of utmost importance. Focus is attention with
intention.
Your mind is a set of complex systems, like a supercomputer. Even though I
do not believe this is a metaphor that can explain the full complexity of
consciousness, it helps illustrate a point. Like how a computer can slow
down when you have too many tasks, tabs, apps, or other programs running,
so can your mind. When your attention is split, or your focus is fragmented,
suffering increases in potentiality.
When our mind is not engaged with being or doing, we allow random
thoughts to register in our awareness. “Random” in this case does not mean
half good thoughts and half bad thoughts. For every one good thought, there
are a hundred bad ones. When you think of good health, there is one
outcome: good health. But when a random negative thought about your
heavy heartbeat sneaks in, chaos ensues.
One thought about your heart can lead to thoughts about heart disease,
incorporating a time-consuming exercise routine, and all the food choices
you make that splinter into 10 more negative thoughts about the side effects
of each. Controlling the information that you hold in your focus is the key
to overcoming the anxiety, boredom, stress, and overwhelm that plague
today’s society.
While the conscious mind can focus on a limited set of thoughts and
actions, the unconscious mind can manage eleven million bits ofinformation per second. This includes our habits, reactions, breathing,
chewing, walking, and everything else that we don’t have to “pay” attention
to, because we’ve practiced those skills.
While much of our unconscious is a result of our mental programming and
centuries of evolution, our conscious mind still plays a large role in forming
what information our unconscious mind can manage. The depth, wholeness,
and state of your focus will determine the entirety of your life. The
enjoyment, the suffering, the progress, and the success.
After a decade of trying to form good habits, instill energizing routines,
become a social savant, make money outside of a conventional job, calm
the thoughts in my head, and anything else that would result in a higher
quality of life – I realized there was something missing.
There was a flaw in the modern methods that people were using to improve
their lives. Forming good habits is powerful, but what is the resistance
behind forming good habits? Putting yourself in social situations to bust out
of your nervous shell is solid advice, but what would make that process
seamless? Making money in a creative, leverageable fashion sounds like a
dream even when many have done it, but what is the catalyst?
You see, I love to question things. I hope you grow to love it as well. I
wanted to build from the ground up. I wanted to find the source of it all. I
wanted to go to the beginning of the beginning. To my own surprise, I
found what I was looking for. I am here to share this fusion of ideas with
you.
My goal is to equip you with the tools necessary to change your life. Not in
a cliché motivational way, but in a way where you have a sense of certainty
and control over your future while being satisfied and whole in the present.
There is more to focus than you think.
It is not something that is only utilized when it’s time to work. Your focus is
the only thing you have control over. It influences your thoughts, emotions,
actions, and the positive or negative direction of them all. If you do not
focus on one thing that brings awareness to the next, you may not create thechain reaction that allows for certain thoughts, emotions, and actions. Your
long-term and short-term options are created by when, where, on what,
how, and why you focus your attention.
Focus influences the quality, impact, and virality of your work. Focus is the
start of all things good. Habits, routines, goals, health, relationships,
finances, mood, and sense of purpose. All the things that you know hold
power but can’t seem to reap the benefits from.
You are not a unique case. I was in a similar position. My clients,
customers, and peers were in a similar place. Focus is the solution to it all.
This is not an overnight process, but it is worth the lifetime of benefits you
will receive.
We are attacking the root cause of your problems through focus. The rest
will fall into place, because you would only be able to change them if you
first brought your attention to them. And without prior attention, like the
investment you are giving this book, you may not have realized a crevice of
reality where your attention could go.
I am not going to give you advice like “make your bed every morning,”
because one, I have never made my bed a day in my life beyond when I was
forced to as a child or had guests over at my place. Two, it has merit, but
misses the point. Making your bed every morning is powerful because of
the fact that conscious attention orders the mind. An ordered mind is a
happy one and starting your day on that note can build momentum into the
rest.
Focus is what separates action from distraction. Focus is what separates
meaning from meaningless. Focus is what separates working toward your
goals from stressing about not being invited to your second-cousin’s
birthday party. Focus is the habit of habits.
You cannot build good habits in all areas of your life without understanding
what caused the bad habits in the first place. Focus has a compounding
effect. At any given minute, second, millisecond, or moment – your focus ischanneled. To what degree is dependent on your mental energy and
experience.
WHAT TO EXPECT
I have written this book to be as cyclical as life is. You can read it 1, 2, 3, or
4 times and make a discovery you hadn’t before. Some teachings in later
chapters aren’t comprehensible without the early chapters, and vice versa.
This is my holistic philosophy for better living. I do not intend for it to be
presented as dogma. For that reason, I cannot stress critical thought enough.
This book does not read in any specific order. You can open a page, pick a
line, and extract a lesson from it, even if it takes a decade to experience that
lesson in your daily life. A lot of the information will be the same but
presented from various perspectives to aid in understanding.
Each section will provide a different lesson, yet that lesson will connect to
other sections. I would encourage you to be conscious of this and note them
down when the avalanche of insight strikes.
My first and main teaching is to question everything I write, but to do so
with an open mind. You have full permission to take my ideas, make them
better, and use them to fuel your creations. But do not take the ideas without
the intention to experience them.
I encourage you to put my ideas to the test. Research all sides of the topic
available. Try to prove me wrong, but do not rely on conceptual knowledge.
You must implement my ideas through action, filter them through direct
experience, and seek to understand.
There will be ideas and topics that I do not go over in depth. This is
intentional. I am leaving out details like my personal methods that are
subject to change in the next decade. These methods, systems, and
strategies can be found in the free content on my website, in my courses,
and in other internet content.Aside from my methods being with the times, the other reason I refuse to
include them is that my joy in life came from creating these methods. As
you will find, testing new techniques, forging your own path, and “figuring
it out” are deeply spiritual experiences. And there’s psychological data that
displays its effect on the brain. Without getting too technical, it feels
incredible to build your own thing.
This book contains big ideas, not technical details, as those are of much less
importance. I want you to approach these ideas with the intent of action.
Everyone has a mind that bounces between different states, and the ideas
will lead to various results dependent on individual practice and
interpretation.
For the rest of this book, I ask that you set aside your desire to react, judge,
and close your mind in an instant if something does not align with your
worldview. Seek to observe and understand regardless of their applicability
to your ever-changing niche of a situation. They may not apply to you now,
but you may realize their importance later in life.
There are enough incredible books out there on spirituality, emotional
management, creating a better life, productivity, creativity, and lifestyle
design. So, do not suppress your curiosity to explore more teachings.
I’m here to lay out the pieces of the Universal puzzle. It’s up to you to piece
them together in your own endeavors. I am not going to prove anything to
you, as that is impossible, and proof is in second order to experience. Only
you can allow the ideas into your mind and choose to react to them in a way
that inflicts self-harm. “Self-help” is just that: you interpret my ideas
according to your perspective and implement them into your own story.
This book contains a lot of “whats” and “whys,” but only a few “hows.”
While I understand your desire for a quick-fix step-by-step action plan, you
must realize that nobody can give you the perfect one. If they can, you can
be replaced, or you will find that the methods fall apart with time, and you
will still have to create your own. Simple as that.Instead, you must become aware of the “what,” internalize the “why,” and
start with what you know. Through trial and error – the essence of science,
life, and progress – you create your own “how.” If you would like, you can
then pass that “how” down to others, potentially in exchange for money in a
world that is desperate for holistic solutions.
You may have purchased this book to learn, but learning is a personal
matter. It implies a back and forth of success and failure. I beg of you,
please do not seek to outsource your ability to learn to the words in this
text. That is but another embodiment of the quick-fix mindset. Aim for
mastery, not misery.
To begin, we will paint a philosophical description of life itself. And since
the external reflects the internal, we will use that knowledge to navigate and
reprogram the self to flow in alignment with life.
Next, we will understand and structure the mind in a manner that is
conducive to maximum enjoyment. From this place of understanding, you
will be able to navigate tasks, problems, and situations from a higher
perspective. One that allows you to make better choices. That’s all that
practical life is, a series of choices that compound into either a fulfilling or
miserable life.
Lastly, I will give you the tools to become irreplaceable in the third
millennium. That is, to leverage the character you have created by pursuing
your purpose, discovering your life’s work, and passing down your lessons
as the trifecta of The Good Life.THE PRINCIPLES
Beginners find value in methods because they offer certainty. Step-by-step
action plans to achieve a specific end result sound promising, but if it were
as easy as following a blog article of actionable steps, everyone would be
happy, wealthy, and wise.
Masters, on the other hand, rarely need methods given to them. They
prioritize high-level understanding, experiment with various techniques,
and craft a strategy that allows them to navigate large and small situations
with grace.
Before we dive into the meat of this book, I want to give a rapid-fire
explanation of the principles that will act as a foundation for the lessons you
are about to receive. As you progress through the teachings, read with
intention. Make an effort to connect the principles to the theory and
accompanying practices.
These are the tenets of the system that this book presents to create a good
life. Note that this is a system, and it may not plug into your life like the
design of an electrical outlet. Question what I say, question your own
answer, and dance in the middle without labeling one interpretation as
absolute.THE SUPREME LAW
Entropy is the supreme law of the universe, which illustrates that systems
tend toward disorder, chaos, and destruction on all planes of existence
unless energy is put into the system.
Like how the roads get beaten down, need replacement, and may need to
expand to fit a growing population. If the system does not evolve with the
world, chaos ensues until a new system emerges.
SYSTEMS THINKING
Systems thinking has many definitions. In this book, we will define it as
efficient thought processes. When you understand the goal, process, and
variables of any situation, your mind can perceive that situation in a manner
that is conducive toward your desired outcome.
While roads get beaten down and need replacement over time, so does the
mental system that you use to make sense of that road. If you walk to the
local grocery store every other day, your mind forms grooves to preserve
energy because you don’t need to think about where you are walking. But if
you were to move across the country, the system would be destroyed, and
you may get anxious until you find a new path to solidify your routine.
PSYCHIC ENTROPY
In our daily practical lives, the main problem is that of mental disorder. Not
the kind that can be diagnosed and offered a prescription, but a state of
chaos that we often fall into. Stress, overwhelm, and anxiety culminate to
the point of feeling lost with no light at the end of the tunnel. To this point
we can thank a lack of engagement with the present moment that allows
random thoughts to penetrate our awareness.Clarity is your savior, and we must prioritize programming, maintaining,
and evolving the systems our mind runs on.
CONTENT IN CONSCIOUSNESS
Everything is information, or form, that arises in consciousness. Everything
is in and out of formation, as the Buddhist principle of impermanence
would hint at. From our genetic code to the language we speak to the light
frequencies we perceive to any “thing” we can label, the structure of the
information that fills our consciousness impacts how we move in the world.
Consciousness is like water that takes the form of content in the structure of
a cup. Routines, rituals, business systems, relationship tactics, sports, other
self-help advice, and spiritual teachings allow individuals to prevent their
mind’s decline into chaos for the temporary amount of time that they hold
that form within consciousness.
It is impossible to bind water in a paper envelope. And in a situation like
this, you will either lose the enjoyable clarity you had as time progresses, or
you will waste precious energy refilling the paper envelope. Instead, it
makes sense to maintain clarity by remaining conscious, intentional, and
mindful of the information we expose to our mind.
ZOOMING OUT
To zoom out, like a camera, is to broaden your perspective to interpret a
situation for what it is. Your perspective determines how you perceive, like
focusing a camera’s lens, both the cup and the water. That is, to not get
trapped in the potentially negative details of a situation that prevents
progress.
There may not be 1 cup, but 10. And there may only be 1 cup with an
infinite number of cups inside of it. The further you zoom out, the more youcan expand consciousness, or the water, to flow with life, rather than being
bound by the limitations of a small cup.
SELF-EXPERIMENTATION
Self-experimentation is not only the way to solve your problems for good,
but to make novel discoveries. Experimentation leads to true experience,
and true experience is how you differentiate yourself in the marketplace.
A doctor can diagnose and prescribe a solution to your problem that he
thinks will work. But that solution is often artificial, doesn’t attack the root
cause, and creates new problems. If it can be prescribed, its results are
temporary.
INTELLIGENT IMITATION
As children, we learned through imitation. We imitate everything around us
for the sake of survival. Some end up with more problems, some end up
with less, but we all end up in a place that can be improved.
The way you begin to move in a life direction is to make a conscious
change in the people, environments, and information that you are exposed
to. By immersing yourself in the stimuli that is conducive to your ideal
future, you pick up subtle hints that compound into useful knowledge. But,
of course, this knowledge must evolve into understanding through
conscious action.
RADICAL OPEN-MINDEDNESS
When you entered this world, you knew nothing. You explored reality with
an open-mind and our child-like wonder reflected that. For most people,others projected their dogmatic worldview on them while further
exploration was discouraged.
Nobody wants to cut themselves off from great discoveries, insights, and
truths, but that’s what social conditioning does. We accept and attach to the
limits projected on us.
Life is counterintuitive in nature. Some of the deepest truths are hidden
under what seems to be silly on the surface. Open-mindedness is how you
explore the depths, while most people exist on the surface.
OBSERVE & QUESTION
Observation is perception without an immediate or reactionary
interpretation. When you observe and question, you begin to understand a
situation from a big-picture perspective. Only from that vantage point can
you make a decision that benefits your future in a way that is the least
harmful to others.
No idea is too sacred to question, and the more sacred it seems, the more it
should be questioned. Question the things that people make you think you
are crazy for questioning. That is the beginning of many inspiring origin
stories.
JUDGMENT VS DISCERNMENT
Don’t judge things that you have not experienced. This should be obvious,
but we live in a world of armchair philosophers, scientists, and
businesspeople.
You will never have access to another person’s state of mind. You don’t
understand their situation and you will never have the full picture. Don’t
judge but observe and discern so you can correct your own behavior
accordingly.EXPECTATION VS REALITY
The space between expectation and reality is tension, pain, and suffering.
We often interpret a situation as difficult when it isn’t supposed to be any
other way. It is what it is, and once you experience this profound truth, life
becomes sustainably more enjoyable.
Your expectations of what things should be is not the reality that is in
formation. A similar distinction would be that of concept compared to
experience, or the map compared to the territory.
The concepts of God, Brahman, Infinity, or The Universe are not those
things. A concept is used to label an experience, yet people latch onto
concepts and act like they understand to survive the identity they’ve
formed. Being comes before knowing, and permanent knowing is an
inaccurate representation of the impermanence of being.
RADICAL ACCEPTANCE
Things aren’t supposed to be anything other than what they are, and once
you accept this, expectation aligns with reality. Focus is no longer split but
engaged with the present moment.
Whether you are climbing Mount Everest, arguing with your partner, or
losing money in your business, there is nothing you can think that will
change the situation. Instead, you must align and act.
KNOWLEDGE VS UNDERSTANDING
One can know a lot but understand very little. Knowledge is constructed
upward, while understanding is discovered inward. Both are useful, but to
think that knowledge will make you happy, healthy, and wise is a fool’s
endeavor.Knowledge must be acquired, but in order to understand, it must be brushed
up against reality to see if it holds its weight. One can philosophize,
fabricate, and hold hard-set beliefs by sitting behind a screen. But can they
run a business? Nurture a relationship? Or apply their knowledge to the
times they live in?
REALITY EXPLORATION
It is obvious that the only way to make novel discoveries, creations, and
innovations is to embrace the unknown, preferably with curiosity as your
driver toward a meaningful goal.
If you want to live a life that has not been lived, you cannot follow the
default path that is laid in front of you at birth. The sooner you realize this,
the sooner you can wrestle with the fear of doing what you want and win.
HOLISTIC SYNTHESIS
At this point in time, niche compartments of reality have been explored,
studied, and documented. The school system is structured to train people
into these compartments like chemistry, neuroscience, and literature.
Reality is not compartmentalized. Everything is connected, and there are
infinite connections to be made. The world needs more polymaths,
autodidacts, and modern Renaissance men to further the unity of human
consciousness.
CREATIVITY VS PRODUCTIVITY
Humans are not robots. The creative ability of our minds is what separates
us from other beings, so we must prioritize that edge. Too many people getbogged down with the pursuit of status to be more productive than their
peers.
Instead, we want to leverage the efficiency of our minds, systemize
mechanical tasks to take up the least amount of time in our day, and make
time for creative pursuits.
The greatest artists, thinkers, and scientists did not impact the world by
performing the same repetitive, manual, and replaceable tasks day after day.
They prioritized rest, sought to expand their minds, and prioritized
creativity to solve big problems.
STORYTELLING
Stories house the components that form the foundation of human behavior.
Like a good book, life unfolds in chapters and phases. There is a problem,
call to adventure, curiosity, exploration of the unknown, struggle, insight,
transformation, solution, climax, and more that happen more than once over
the course of a lifetime.
The problem is that most people are either distracted or stuck in a phase
because they lack the ability to see the big picture. Nobody wants to get lost
in the unknown and everybody wants to sustain the climax. This is a recipe
for disaster.
FAILURE & STRUGGLE
Success cannot exist without failure; it just wouldn’t make sense. Without
failure, you would have nothing of your own worth working toward. You
can observe the achievements of others and desire for the same, but the
pursuit of another’s goals signals a lack of regard for the importance of
one’s own.Failure and struggle are necessary experiences from which you can toss an
anchor and pull yourself toward a better future. This way you don’t end up
living someone else’s life, one that you are near guaranteed to dislike.
ITERATION & PERSISTENCE
Value requires development over time. A profitable product is not built in a
week, nor is a strong body. Even though you may only see someone’s happy
ending of their story, that does not mean they weren’t committed for years
prior.
It is wise to try new things, and I would recommend adopting that habit, but
you need a project to develop. Without a tangible vessel for your
knowledge, skill acquisition, and discoveries, you may end up with years of
energy spent with nothing to show for it.
POLARITY
Reality is not black and white. A coin is not heads or tails. A human is not
happy or sad. Those are but temporary dualities that the mind attempts to
make permanent with labels, concepts, and ideologies.
Instead, view 2 sides of the same coin as just that. They have their opposites
but are bound by relationship. Success is a higher state on the spectrum of
failure and vice versa.
Form would not make sense without space. When you flip the design of a
tapestry, you see the ugly mess that lies underneath.
HUNTING FOR HOLISMReality is perspective, and your perspective is but one of infinite. Often our
point of view determines the positive or negative interpretation of a
situation, as when someone else can come in with an equally valid
perspective but the opposite interpretation.
If you are a truth seeker, your job is to hunt for kernels of truth in every
perspective, even those that aren’t human. This forces you to reject all
ideology, dogma, or belief system that even the masters may hold as
absolute truth.
This is the only path to sustainable peace, enjoyment, and wisdom.
EGO DEVELOPMENT
You don’t get rid of the ego; you develop it to the point of being at one with
reality. It is often for us to assume that we want to “kill the ego,” or “kill
desire,” when that is simply part of what it desires.
Instead, we want to transcend and include. That is to use the ego to navigate
the relative world we live in while grounded in the absolute.
LEVEL OF MIND
Every problem you encounter in life demands an increase in your level of
mind. Your level of mind is synonymous with the openness of your
perspective. You must shed your attachment to expectations, concepts, and
beliefs that prevent you from perceiving any situation for what it is.
When you can perceive a situation for what it is, you can acquire the skill
necessary to match the challenge that a problem presents. This is done with
self-education, self-experimentation, and persistence to see that the problem
is solved not by the prescription of another, but by your own understanding.CONCEPTUAL SURVIVAL
In this modern world, specifically for those reading this book, I can assume
that your life is exponentially more comfortable than that of your ancestors,
and it will only continue to move in that direction.
The human psyche is interesting in that we survive and reproduce on a
conceptual level. We impregnate minds with ideas, those ideas create
concepts, we may identify with those concepts, and our behavior shifts in
alignment with those.
The self is the concept of concepts, and the majority of our actions are taken
to survive the self.
MASTERY OVER MISERY
A sushi chef spends years perfecting the preparation of rice. A tennis player
obsesses over the angle of their serve. Mastery sets you apart in a world that
can’t see beyond the surface.
To the masters, repetition of the boring fundamentals is not boring. They
have developed intrinsic philosophies and reasoning behind their actions.
They look forward to it every day, because they understand that nothing
good comes from the quick fix.
TACTICAL STRESS
Tactical stress is the conscious decision to break out of your familiar
routine, put yourself in a do-or-die situation, and realize that the only thing
stopping you from reaching the next level is fear.
If you have the skill to match the challenge, and are honest with yourself,
all you need is to rip the bandage off. Not only will you make a leap inprogress, but peace, thanks to the level of mind the stress requires to
mitigate.
In business, close the client even if you don’t know with certainty that you
can deliver results. In life, book the flight across the country even if you
don’t think you can afford it. Make the decision that requires you to finally
execute reaching your next stage of evolution.
SELFISHNESS AS A PRIORITY
Strip all judgments from your mind surrounding selfishness, as I’m
assuming those were programmed into your head by the selfish desires of
others. Self-education, self-reliance, self-experimentation, self-control, self-
reflection, self-awareness, self-employment, and self-management. Those
traits are to be prioritized.
If you need something from another, it is near impossible to act with
authenticity. You will unconsciously manipulate your language to get what
you want from them with little regard to their life situation. And if you have
not developed the value you have to offer, a “noble” pursuit of selflessness
is only stunting both your growth and others.THE 3 PILLARS
Let’s imagine you are surrounded by the people you admire most. People
that are successful by your standards. The ones that have impacted your life
to the core. This is different for everyone, but I’m assuming this room
would be filled with entrepreneurs, teachers, public figures, philosophers,
intellectuals, and others that create, share, and shape culture with their
ideas.
There is enough time to ask them one question, “If you could attribute your
success to one thing, what would it be?”
A hobby of mine is to study the patterns of successful people. And thanks to
social media, I’ve confirmed one pattern. Every successful person – by any
standard, even if that version of success means rejecting the world and
living a life of peace in the woods – knows that focus is the catalyst to the
good life.
Through self-reflection, I’ve come to the same conclusion. Focus
determined my success in all dimensions of life. Because focus is
dimension-agnostic. It fueled my spiritual practice, business, relationships,
health, writing, learning, and philosophical endeavors.
The ability to focus your attention on a meaningful goal, holding that in the
back of your mind as a distraction repellent, knowing exactly how toachieve it through prior experience, and refocusing on the choice in front of
you is a superpower.
But we all know it’s not that simple. Because if it were, you would be able
to walk out of your front door and see a utopia. I’m not sure if we will ever
create a collective utopia, but a personal one is a different story.
Focus is a muscle, and success is reserved for those that train it. Training, in
this sense, is done at every passing moment. You are focusing your
attention right now, and will continue to throughout your day, week, month,
year, decade, and so on.
“Training” is synonymous with conditioning or programming. Conditioning
is the engine that shapes our behaviors, thoughts, and emotions through
focus. The key with all of these is conscious repetition. What we are
repeatedly exposed to shapes who we are. For better or worse.
With the hope of sounding the least self-aggrandizing as I can, focus was
the driving force of my success. By the age of twenty-five, I had built a
one-person business that made more money than I could handle. So much
so that I felt the urge to decrease my income, sell my fancy condo, return
the expensive watches, but keep the fast car because why not, I’ll let go of it
when that time comes. I had as much free time as I desired (but would
usually fill it with study because I enjoyed it so much). I was arguably more
stable – in mind, body, spirit, and finances – than the world around me. If I
started over from zero, my creative ability would allow me to build it back
up in record time, in almost any situation.
In short, I had created multidimensional freedom through the compounding
nature of focus.
If you are sold on this whole focus thing, good. That is the first step. But
this isn’t a promise that you can simply focus on becoming healthy, happy,
and wise with hopes that your imagined reality will manifest.
Focus is the first pillar in a mental feedback loop that is woven into reality
itself.I: FOCUS
Imagine having a spreadsheet that displayed how much attention you’ve
invested in any given area of your life. Mind, body, spirit, and business that
impact your relationship with the world and those around you. The
spreadsheet would be a direct indicator of your quality of life.
Focus is a lost art in a distracted world. Not to mention, it is vastly
misunderstood. It is not something limited to when you need to focus, like
for a productive work session. It is active at any given moment. You are
either focused on something or you aren’t, and if you aren’t, that is but a
lower magnitude of focus until you reach the absolute.
Focus has a frame; we call this perspective or worldview. Perspective is
malleable. You can transfer your consciousness to other beings, like your
pet cat or dog, in search for understanding of their behavior. Through that
perspective, we can interpret and form conclusions in the world through our
sensory perceptions and past experiences.
I can narrow the focus of my finger and point at something microscopic. I
can open the focus of my body and embrace the harmony of nature. I can
filter certain smells through my nose and sounds through my ears. And
when it comes to a nice dinner, I can pick apart a grainy texture from a salty
liquid from a hint of rosemary. This is reality. An ever-flowing quality of
experience.
Each of these external sensations triggers a series of thoughts, emotions,
and memories. When I shift my focus inward, I can explore these entities. I
can let thoughts trigger thoughts within a belief system. I can follow an
emotion to a past experience. Then, I can picture that experience in vivid
detail and, if I enjoyed that experience, I can add a brush stroke to the
painting of the future I wish to create. From there, I can shift my focus
outward once again, learn how to create that future through study, and
narrow my attention on the work that will actualize said reality.The entire journey we just took in the inner and outer world is fueled by
attention. At any moment, a rogue thought from a painful past, future task
that induces stress, or environmental stimuli could snap your attention into
an unconscious state.
Attention is the currency that runs the world. It is the foundation of
existence. If it doesn’t occupy your attention, it doesn’t exist. And when
you notice novelty, or something that may aid in your survival, your
attention is drawn to it.
If our ancestors passed by a familiar bare bush every day, there is no reason
to see it as important. But if that bush grew berries, someone would notice
it on their next passing, by dopamine signaling its importance, and they
would register that bush as a potential tool for later survival.
In a modern sense, businesses can only exchange money if attention comes
first. Religions are only as powerful as the amount of people that give said
beliefs attention. Corporate pyramids have more people with less power at
the bottom, and less people with more power at the top. The top holds more
power because attention-demanding tasks are delegated to those beneath
them.
The captivating message of these societal entities reach our attention early
in life, because they can be a tool for survival. But if we allow them to
dominate our minds and control our focus, we may miss out on the depth
that life has to offer.
The attention needed to make a decision can only be done after you give
attention to a thought about that action. The thought of going to the
bathroom pops in your head and you shift your attention toward walking to
the bathroom. The thought can only occur when you have given attention to
a prior experience, labeled that snapshot in time, and stored it for later use
to aid in your survival. We take mental note of dangerous, important, and
useful information from our environment.
As we execute certain attention patterns, like going to the bathroom, it
becomes more efficient with time. These attention systems allow us to useour limited conscious attention to learn more information, store more
information, and create systems that conserve mental energy to repeat the
process.
Focus compounds. And it is a great metric to know if you are on a
meaningful path in life. True progress requires an ever-evolving shift in
focus. If you are repeating the same monotonous tasks in life, it is safe to
assume that life seems to lack fulfillment.
When you start, your survival needs will consume your attention until you
solve the right problems in that domain. As you solve your money
problems, you gain a bit more freedom. Your focus may shift to self-
development, spirituality, or creating a more meaningful career. In business,
your focus will shift priority during every stage. Beginner, intermediate, and
advanced.
At the lowest levels of business, you’re focused on learning, making
mistakes, and cultivating the value you have to offer. At the highest levels,
you get to choose the levers you want to focus on. Like writing for ninety
minutes each morning. And if you don’t like writing, you can outsource it
and choose a more enjoyable way to focus your attention.
In modern slavery, where you can get trapped in one stage of the pyramid,
challenges cease to exist. Your life’s work will require an ever-increasing
level of challenge. The challenge will require a certain set of skills. As the
complexity of your skill set increases, the perceived level of challenge stays
within a narrow margin of difficulty.
Your hierarchy of goals, from the top down, ideal future to present action,
will frame your focus in an indistractable manner. When you create and
maintain this fickle mental clarity, you begin to flow with the cyclical
nature of the Universe. This is what keeps life meaningful, interesting, and
fulfilling.
II: ENERGYThere is a phrase, “energy flows where attention goes,” that has a mountain
of depth behind it (as do most simple platitudes). Focus is not only a muscle
that can be trained, but a currency that can be spent, and everyone is out to
steal this most valuable resource rather than earn it.
In this third millennium, mental energy is the most valuable resource. For
this book, we will define mental energy as a term that encapsulates the
effects of attention, intention, and will that are amplified with
consciousness. When you focus your mental energy, attention plays a huge
role, but the intention may be misaligned, and the will nonexistent. Focus is
the vessel for mental energy.
You can focus on a positive potential future through visualization and feel
an increase in positive energy in your body. Think of the last enjoyable
vacation you went on – does that spark any positive emotions for you?
What if you imagine yourself going back to that location in the future? The
food you would eat. The people you would be around. The warm nights
under the stars with a crackling fire casting a warm glow on the side of your
face. Get specific. Can you feel the emotions associated with that
experience?
This doesn’t only apply to positive aspects of life, but negative. And due to
the raw power of negative energy, this is where most people mentally
reside. An inescapable cycle of past emotions being experienced in the
present. Unable to focus that energy toward a positive outcome.
Specific goals demand a specific amount of mental energy to actualize. You
can become aware of how this works with distractions in your life. They
hold your attention, eliminate intention, and drain your will. But when you
focus on something meaningful, it holds your attention through the clarity
that comes from intention and generates will.
My point here is this: thoughts, emotions, goals, environments, art, tasks,
conversations, experiences, and the rest trigger an energy that you can feel.
That is notable. Not in a pseudoscientific sense, but in a sense that can be
directly experienced.Let me introduce you to the supreme law of the Universe: entropy. Some
call it “nature’s tax,” but in short, it is the measure of disorder in a system.
It is the driving force in evolution. The law of entropy finds that everything
falls into chaos, or that nothing lasts forever. But there’s always a chance to
start all over again or a way for that system to evolve into something
completely different.
No matter how much mental energy I use to keep my books in order on the
shelf, entropy will take its grasp. Dust will accumulate, humidity will warp
the spines, the changing seasons dry out pages. I can clean it, dust it, keep
the temperature controlled, but after a while, entropy will take over.
Even further, and layering systems on top of systems, compare your home
bookshelf to a public library. Entropy impacts individual books, but what
about the system to organize those books?
At home, if you don’t have a system in place to focus your mental energy,
books will end up on the counter, at a friend’s house, and on the coffee
table. The books will become disorganized unless you attempt to maintain
order.
In a library, there is more mental energy put toward managing the
organization system. Employees filter, organize, and place books on the
shelf so people can find them according to the group of expectations, or
system, they hold in their mind. The organization keeps chaos at bay for
both the organization and the individual. It allows for the efficient use of
mental energy.
This is on the microscale. On the macroscale, these layers of systems will
still come to an end. The employees will evolve to new positions or find
new jobs altogether. People will grow old, books will fall apart, and
efficient digital systems will take their place to extend the lifespan of order.
This does not reflect in just a library, but almost everything. Society itself is
a system with uncountable physical, mental, and financial systems in place.
Culture, business, and personal lives all run on a layered set of systems that
are fueled from the bottom up by focused mental energy. This is the fabricof civilization. If everyone stopped what they were doing for a day, week,
or even month, who knows what the world would look like.
No matter how efficient a system is, it will always fall to the law of entropy
because the Universe is balanced with this push-pull tension of chaos and
order, method and madness, entropy and negentropy. This does not mean
that all is lost. It means that focus must shift with time to maintain a proper
flow of mental energy in your life. Standing still is not an option, and if you
don’t choose where to place your focus, it will be chosen for you.
To understand this evolutionary process of survival, we must understand
systems. A system is a group of components that work together to achieve a
common goal.
Language is a system that helps humanity communicate, but it also plays a
role in almost every other goal that can be achieved. Roads are a system for
efficient transportation. These roads have evolved and become more
efficient as problems revealed themselves.
Belief systems, like religious ideology, give people certainty going into an
uncertain future. These teachings have been translated with the evolution of
language to retain their impact. As systems degrade, problems pop up and
our natural behavior is to solve these problems for the sake of survival. Not
physical survival, but conceptual, to survive the systems that run
civilization.
The mind is a complex set of systems that allows us to interact with reality.
Meaning, most of what we do, even if it’s not for survival, is goal oriented.
Some of these goals are conscious, some aren’t, and they all direct our
focus and consume mental energy.
Now, there is a Universal pattern to notice here. Human behavior is
influenced by a desirable goal, system to achieve that goal, and a problem
that once made conscious pushes people to act. The degree of clarity that
this process provides will influence how people perceive the goal. That is,
whether it is worth pursuing or not.We can consider this entire process a “hierarchy of goals.” The desirable
end goal is a given, but a system and accompanying problems house goals
within themselves. When one spots a problem, a goal to solve that problem
is implied. To reach that goal, clarity must bridge the gap with a series of
goals, descending in order of execution, to order the mind and encourage
action.
In a world where so few people set, and even fewer achieve, their own
goals, one can piece together an argument that a new version of slavery has
emerged after the Industrial Revolution. Not physical, but mental.
If you don’t know what you want, you will be told what you want, and you
will believe it. If you don’t create a purpose, you will be assigned one. If
you don’t create a career, you will be assigned one. If you don’t create a
hierarchy of goals to invest your mental energy in, you will be assigned
one, like climbing a corporate, religious, or status ladder just to realize
you’ve wasted 80% of your life.
This is not a conspiracy theory, but the product of evolution that mental
enslavement starts at birth. The interplay of culture, society, and survival
place multiple hierarchies of goals in front of us. Go to school, get good
grades, praise the god you subscribe to, watch the news to stay informed,
and retire when you have enough to scrape by with the little time you have
left. Question nothing and invest your mental energy in the “certain” system
laid in front of you.
These are not bad, and are necessary stepping stones in many cases, but the
point stands. It’s no wonder so many people seem miserable. You don’t
need special glasses to see that. You can tap a few buttons on your phone
and deduce what goals people are pursuing, the systems their minds are
running on, and the superficial problems they take too seriously that result
in misery.
Collective mental energy is what creates modern power. From the bottom
up, key pillars of the external world’s structure are fueled by unconscious
attention, intention, and will.When we pull from our experiences to know what we don’t want, gain
clarity on what we want, and construct a personal hierarchy of goals to
frame our focus, the potential for life enjoyment increases dramatically.
But if we don’t want to be victims of mental entropy, we must create,
improve, and allow for the evolution of systems to aid in our personal
development. With experience, we can make these systems more efficient
with time. The end goal: full control over where we focus our mental
energy thanks to our ability to achieve personal goals, create efficient
systems, and solve better problems.
III: EXPERIENCE
Most people would agree that they want to maximize the enjoyment in their
lives, but their actions do not reflect that. Happiness as a metric has been
distorted, and pleasure isn’t sustainable, so “enjoyment” is the word of
choice here.
To sustain maximum enjoyment, you need ample experience. What is
experience? It is what’s right in front of you. Not a projection into the
future. Not a reminisce on the past.
Everything outside of the present moment is not direct experience, but an
experience of the experience, which can spiral into overthinking,
overwhelm, and overanalysis. This can be useful in moderation with a tool
like self-reflection, and should be a practice in your life, but you may miss
out on the only thing that’s real. Especially if you get sucked into the
superficial pursuits of the materialist paradigm.
It’s impossible to know with absolute certainty what the future holds. Yet,
that’s what the societal machine promises. The results are almost always
unnecessary pain, suffering, and lack of passion for life itself. Why?
Because we project further away from the present, get lost in the details,
and fabricate problems that have nothing to do with our next step. This isthe negative scenario of overimagination. Don’t label any of this as “bad”
just yet.
It’s possible to know what the past held and, through our self-reflective
consciousness directed by an internal shift in focus, we can make quick and
decisive choices toward a better future. This process becomes more
accurate with time because we all have a starting point.
The start will be slow because you may be solving the wrong problem. But
if you continue solving your own problems, or correcting your past
mistakes, a positive future is inevitable. You will have to face problems
that, when fixed, will threaten your conceptual understanding of who you
are. Hold the intention in your mind to be open to change throughout this
book.
The path of the problem solver, or value creator, is how you escape the
world of replaceability. Fall in love with the challenge that problems
present, from superficial to metaphysical, and your ideal future will create
itself. This is the infinite game.
Direct experience is the only thing you can make sound conclusions on
when it comes to your life. Intentional, conscious decision-making is how
you notice the effect of your actions. If you made a mistake, did you notice
that mistake? If you did, have you corrected your behavior? If correcting
your behavior is difficult, what’s the problem standing in the way of
reaching the initial problem that sparked this introspection? That is how you
slowly bring more enjoyment into your life. Through relentless and
nonreactionary questioning, you are forced to face the reality of a situation.
I am not here to debate a topic as nuanced as which fad diet is better for the
average individual. But if you identify with a diet ideology, follow that diet
regardless of its destructive effect on your individual body, and continue to
preach it as “the best,” you are a slave to an ideal, rather than using direct
experience as a self-corrective compass.
This applies to all domains of life, and I would encourage you to question
the routines, regimens, and prescriptive advice you follow that may not beconducive to the future you truly want. This could be a career path, business
model, or even something as simple as your morning routine that you
copied from a billionaire.
What is interesting with the first example is that a vegan who reads this will
argue that the meat eater is the one destroying their body, while the meat
eater will argue the opposite. My point here is to challenge your beliefs no
matter what they are. Understand that we are all unique. Structured advice
is useful for initial clarity and action but becomes unsustainable if you
reject experience for the status that comes with a label like “vegan.”
We don’t differ too much in genetic code but our minds, worldview, biases,
interests, goals, upbringing, geographical location, and all of the moment-
to-moment inputs we’ve experienced is my point. There is no one-size-fits-
all ideology. Direct experience as a priority is how you create optimal
experiences for yourself, not others. Evolution is restricted by the
unconscious individuals that don’t take responsibility for their lives.
Every truth is a half-truth in the relative world, and every relative
perspective points a finger toward the absolute. When you collect
consciousness to broaden your perspective, or increase your level of mind,
the profound reveals itself like a puzzle. One finite pixel in the image will
show, and you will label that as fact, until you realize that one pixel was
only a figment of an infinite masterpiece.
The essence of experience, life, and science is trial and error. You cannot
take ideas, opinions, or advice as law without the filter of direct experience.
Even if that advice is my own. When reading this book, hold all of what I
say in the realm of possibility until filtered through direct experience.
You need to make mistakes through action: identify problems, solve them,
and make your process more efficient by creating a system that you can
follow, spot novel problems, fix them as they arise, and evolve when the
system inevitably loses its power to get results. Systems allow us to invest
our mental energy in a more efficient manner through problem-solving on
the path toward our goals.If these goals, systems, and problems along the way are not conscious, you
can imagine the consequences. Humans are creatures of habit. Without a
conscious goal, we will pursue one that makes survival seem easy and
comfortable, leading to expectations that don’t align with reality. Without a
conscious system, we will adopt the habits, beliefs, and opinions of those
around us and utilize them to reinforce our unconscious path in life.
Without making the problems that arise conscious, we will adopt a victim
mentality, reject our ability to change who we are, and have our attention
manhandled by others’ goals.
Without questioning our path in life, the “safe and secure” route that is
marketed to us at birth and beyond will become the default option. Beliefs
are conditioned into our habit-loving brains. Beliefs influence our thoughts.
How we interpret those thoughts influences our state of mind. Our state of
mind influences our actions. Our actions compound into our future self. Our
future self may not be one of our own creation, and that is the source of the
concept of evil.
We will circle back to experience later. We have a lot of work to do in the
meantime. Until then, know that direct experience is king. Start identifying
your problems that make life less enjoyable. Seek to understand how you
can fix those problems. When you do, learn how to fix them, and fall in
love with this process. Success in life, business, relationships, and health is
about solving a never-ending string of problems that gets better – and more
rewarding – with time.
THE HUMAN CONDITION
Human life is smack in the middle, evolutionarily speaking, of animal and
spirit. The mind is both the difference and the bridge. Your day-to-day
actions are either pushing you forward or backward. We have the choice to
transcend our survival needs from a place of unrealized potential.
You have 2 options in this life: create something bigger than yourself and
let it impact the world, or regress into your animalistic nature of reaction,viciousness, and lack of reason. Every situation presents 2 difficult options.
Both will result in criticism and pain, but the outcomes are vastly different.
Struggle is a guarantee, but the direction in which it leads is yours and
yours alone.
Animals are driven to survive with the information in their genetic code.
We are as well, but we have the added drive to survive the information in
our consciousness. That is, we attempt to replicate our concept of self.
Animals do not have such a complex sense of self that goes on to build
cities, manipulate the masses, and create art the influences generations.
With this awareness, the future of civilization depends on the selves we
create and replicate over the centuries. By pursuing something greater than
yourself, the future is bright.
There seems to be 2 polar ends of focus that result in an above-average
experience. (1) Radical narrow focus on the task in front of you. Doing. (2)
Radical open focus that grasps at nothing. Being. While both can be goal
oriented, neither are focused outside of the present moment. The Greeks
made the distinction between “telic” and “atelic” activities. That is,
activities that have a goal and activities that don’t.
Peak experience occurs when these 2 ends of the spectrum collapse into
one. You may have experienced this before when you become obsessed
with a certain skill, task, or goal to the point where you detach from the
outcome and focus on the process.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, a best-selling author and evolutionary
psychologist, often talks about “autotelic” activities. This term derives from
the Greek words “auto,” meaning self, and “telos,” meaning goal. Autotelic
activities are self-contained. They are done without expectation of a desired
outcome. The reward is in the contradictory nature of the activity that
combines both absolute being and absolute doing. This is what we are here
to dissect, discuss, and replicate in your life. The key to maximum
enjoyment is to be where you want to be while doing what you want to do.This spectrum can be found in your direct experience when you seek to see
beyond the surface that you’ve grown accustomed to. But the experience
throughout the range of narrow and open focus is not always one that feels
good.
You can experience this range from an unconscious or conscious state of
mind. Unconscious, meaning not by your free will. An automatic reaction
as your attention is occupied by tasks, thoughts, and emotions that don’t
pass through an awareness filter. Conscious, meaning you are aware of
where your attention is in the given moment. In the conscious state of mind,
thoughts and emotions are perceived as feedback, not your master.
Unconscious narrow focus leads to feelings like stress, anxiety, and
annoyance. Like when a rogue thought about a stressful future pops into
your head. Your focus narrows and you experience the stress that you would
feel in that future experience. You are projecting into the future and pulling
that experience into the now.
Unconscious open focus leads to feeling lost, overwhelmed, and uncertain.
If you project into a future that you don’t have clarity to reach, the task of
consistent execution seems daunting. Your mind begins to open toward a
state of chaos, and your attention bounces between past, present, and future
without an intention to piece together a solution.
Conscious narrow focus leads to degrees of a flow state, deep work, and
efficiency. We’ve all experienced this when we have clarity on facing the
challenge that a task presents, one that you have the skill to complete.
Conscious open focus leads to creativity, relaxation, and a sense of peace. A
state where you do not attach to any of the potential thoughts, ideas,
emotions, or limits that can pass through your awareness. Think about the
last time you were in nature, worry free, and felt at one with the
environment. That is what we are getting at here.
This focus matrix allows us to become aware of our present experience,
indicate the state of our focus, and shift toward a better position to bring
more enjoyment to our life. There is a balance that we must strike betweendoing and being, work and rest, progress and peace, and any other variation
of inward-focused and outward focused cognition.
The middle way is that of the spiritual warrior. An individual who does not
push away any polar end of the human experience but embraces it all.
When the individual receives the call to greatness at the inception of a clear
goal, they take it, knowing well that it will be the source of their suffering.
Suffering that brings fulfillment. And when they have achieved what they
have set out to do, they may push further, but it will inevitably lead to a
lesson that teaches balance. The period of intense progress will demand
contrast with a period of restful peace. If they do not listen, the suffering
will only increase.
The middle way is often mistaken for a boring moderation that eliminates
the highs and lows that make life worth living. Instead, it is the opposite.
The spiritual warrior is one that pushes the limits of both the material and
immaterial. They develop their character as much as they stack their
achievements. Not the absolute peace of a monk in a secluded monastery,
and not the absolute progress of a businessman on a yacht.
The purpose of this middle path is to expose your mind, body, and spirit to
the full range of the human experience. As you move through life, you
acquire the resources to create your own sense of freedom, because you are
able to filter that which you don’t want, so you can create what you want.
Humans have a multitude of characteristics that distinguish them from other
beings. It is important that we understand these so we can leverage them in
our own lives. That is what “successful” people, by any standard, have
done. They lean into their human edge.
Depth of focus is the trait that umbrellas our other distinctive traits. With
this depth of focus, we identify problems and create solutions. From a high
level, that is the key to your success.
We, as humans, focus our mind to alter the direction of evolution. This is an
incredible realization. With the creative ability of our mind, we can zoom
out beyond the cosmos, gain perspective, and dive back in to make tinycompounding choices that send a ripple of impact throughout humanity,
circling back beyond the cosmic scale.
The problem here is that most people are in a shallow, selfish, and pleasure-
seeking state. They fail to see the big picture, and instead focus on the next
thing that will hide them from the struggle that is baked into life itself.
Struggle, as with every other thing we’ve labeled as negative, is a part of
the full range of the human experience. When we shift our focus inward,
and without rapid judgment, we can explore this range and see it for what it
is.
This “range” of the human experience reflects throughout all of life. By
understanding the Universe from the top down, you will be able to navigate
your personal life from a heightened level of mind. That is where we will
start.THE UNIVERSE
When we harness the creative ability of our minds to view life from above,
we can discover, collect, and harness profound insights that bring us peace
and progress below. The Universe is the most conscious and ultimate
perspective you can adopt. Humans come somewhere lower on the
consciousness scale, and your ideal or “highest” self can be seen as a
stepping-stone perspective toward the Universe. Further down the ladder
come animals, plants, and intangible intelligence that you can integrate into
your perspective to make it less reactive to low-consciousness problems.
True philosophy has one question that contains all others: “How do you live
the best life?” I assure you that this question cannot be answered by
climbing the power ladder placed in front of you as a child. This question is
answered by holding the perspective of the Universe in our mind, observing
the essence of its movements (which often can’t be put into words), and
applying those discoveries to our lives in a practical manner.
Before we go any further, I want to make a distinction between the
Universe and the universe. One with a capital “U” and the other without.
The Universe lies far beyond the senses. It is the universe of universes.
Beyond our universe and beyond the cosmos, but still a part of our daily
lives.Some have called this invisible power “God.” Others prefer to label it as
The Infinite, Source, The Absolute, The All, or Intelligence. In Aztec
philosophy, it is called “Teotl” or in Hinduism “Brahman,” which is noted
as the highest universal principle. The ultimate reality.
I have my own beliefs and I am sure you have yours. I use the term “God”
at times, but I understand how many reactions that can spark in people to
ask for scientific proof of a literal man floating in the sky, locking them
further into a dangerous intellectual prison that widens the gap between
concept and experience. “God,” as far as we’re concerned, is the identity of
reality. My goal is to leave cultural labels out of this description, as the
highest truth cannot be put into words. It must be experienced on a personal
level.
When I tell you to think of a “bird,” a specific image will pop into your
mind. That image will slightly differ from the image that every other person
on this planet will have in their own mind. One person may think of a blue
jay, while the other a cardinal, but even then those images have faint lines
without further context. While the interpretation is different between us all,
the underlying truth of what a bird is remains the same, and it is often
indescribable when you pierce through the layers of concepts we use to
make sense of that part of reality.
For the sake of coherence and understanding, I will use the term Universe,
as it will help us describe its nature with examples that can be noticed in our
everyday lives. I am not using this word as a noun, but a verb. This is not a
religious doctrine, but I do not want this to turn into a shallow self-help
book that leaves out the underlying essence that the industry was built on,
often stripping away the “fluff” to help readers acquire an immediate yet
impermanent result.
You see, from a state of open focus, we can understand that the path to the
good life cannot be deciphered from one mere human perspective or belief
system. You must observe and note patterns from one perspective to
another, even if it isn’t a human perspective. A constant state of narrowfocus is the result of common self-help doctrine. All too focused on the
pragmatic aspects of life to the point of inescapable stress.
It is not hard to see the intelligence, consciousness, and nature of the
Universe at large. Just because it cannot speak your language or solve your
mentally fabricated problems – like the “love of your life” breaking up with
you – does not mean it is not intelligent. The narrow, collectively accepted
notion of intelligence as “smarts” is not what I am talking about here.
This Universal, or infinite, intelligence reveals itself through division and
unity, creation and destruction, birth and death, growth and decay, order and
chaos. An impeccable and self-corrective balance. This is beyond physical,
as we are not animals, and animals cannot conceptualize this power as
humans have for centuries. With the emergence of self-reflective
consciousness, we have access to spirit. Spirit is the intangible connection
between minds.
Our mind can have an internal battle with itself. Two friends can argue with
each other. States can have a political battle during elections. Countries can
go to war with one another or with themselves. Notice that these are battles
between ideas. Like red versus blue politics. Even a physical battle between
humans, at its root, is a part of a larger spiritual war.
There are cycles, patterns, and rhythms that we can notice to ease the
uncertainty of our lives. By understanding these patterns, we can align our
behavior with them to reap the benefits that nature provides.
EVERYTHING IS CONNECTED
Let’s run through a mediocre dissection of the Universe from what we can
comprehend.
The galaxy contains the solar system, the solar system contains 9 debatable
planets, those planets contain Earth. Earth contains the oceans, continents,
countries, states, counties, cities, neighborhoods, streets, buildings, androoms, each having a purpose, beds, humans, organs, all the way down to
what we call an atom, and the atom going deeper than I care to illustrate
here.
All of these individual things being a unit of mind. A figment of
consciousness, many of which we aren’t in direct physical contact with.
Each figment of consciousness is layered and given new meaning.
When you focus on a car, it is a car. When you focus on the tire, it is a tire.
When you focus on a bolt holding the rim in place, it is a bolt holding the
rim in place. Both a whole and a part. A whole in itself and a part of
something larger. Humans, by this realization, are a whole, but also a part of
something bigger than themselves like a life purpose, a community, or the
Universe itself. When we become disconnected from any of the above, we
notice a drastic dip in the quality of life.
We will define these whole parts as “units of mind.” A unit of mind is
anything that can be given attention on any plane of existence. As the
Universe evolves, these units evolve with it. This is a principle that reflects
across all units of mind. One notable characteristic of these units is that
after a period of conflict, a creative solution emerges, which is a unit in and
of itself that transcends and includes that which came before it. Like an ape
to human through the conflict of natural selection, gaining clarity in your
personal life after a period of feeling lost, or how an author creates a
beautiful work of fiction after ending a toxic relationship. Novel units of
mind have emerged throughout evolutionary history to create the relative
world we live in.
Everything is connected because that is the only way these units would
make sense to the human mind. We are pattern-recognition machines that
acquire knowledge through analogy, comparison, and metaphor. A hand
would not have meaning if it was not connected to an arm. A solar system
would not make sense to the human mind if it was not contained nor did
contain. And if one did not understand what the solar system was, we would
need to educate that person on a series of things. They must first understand
Earth, its continents, and layout. Then they would have to imagine or seepictures of other planets suspended in what we call “space.” In a practical
sense, you do not understand your potential because you have not sought to
learn by your own desire. Only then can you be exposed to the puzzle
pieces that form your potential.
The connection of these units is not only vertical, but horizontal (or any
other direction or measurement we can label). A hand that holds a cup,
without the cup being designed as it is, wouldn’t make sense without a hand
to hold it. I would encourage you to think about the infinite connections that
can be made in any directional fashion. Like how a hand connects to a
keyboard that connects to the president of the United States. Attempt to fill
in the gap with your creative ability.
A hand connects to a cup, a cup to a cupboard, and a cupboard to a kitchen,
with most households having a kitchen, continuing to connect up and down
until an immaterial fabric of thought and consciousness that blanket
everything we can possibly know, because that is why we can know.
There is one notable pattern with this infinite web of connected dots:
division and reunion. From the top down, the Universe is a whole that is
divided into infinite creative parts. This is the engine that runs the relative
world.
Imagine the ocean or a large body of water. The heat from the sun
evaporates that water, dividing into many microscopic droplets. Those
droplets rise and reunify as clouds. These clouds grow in size and unify as
larger clouds. Soon, droplets unify in the clouds until they are heavy enough
to rain back down to Earth. Rain creates puddles, streams, and even plays a
role in plant life, which is but another infinite story. Eventually, the rain
makes its way back to the ocean with time, and the process is repeated.
This is not a localized phenomenon of division and unity. It is infinite. The
ideas in your mind divide and reunite; we call this creativity. Throughout
human history, races have divided and are now reunifying. On the Universal
scale, your opinions do not matter about this, nor do mine. In a few
centuries, all of our skin may be the same slight shade of what humansperceive as brown, and race as a concept will collapse into one. Note that
these processes can vary in time. Entropy, division, unity, creation,
destruction, or the rest can happen in an instant or over the course of
generations.
I would encourage you to notice this pattern wherever you can, even when
making your breakfast, writing a book, or using the bathroom. Notice the
parts, wholes, and how they dance together across the physical globe and
ripple through the collective consciousness. Even if this thought experiment
does not make you $1 million tomorrow, it allows you to appreciate the
depth of life when most perceive it as mundane (as they chase the next
surface-level, shiny object).
You are a part of something bigger, and that can only be seen through spirit.
By doing this, it reveals that the concepts, beliefs, and ideals we hold so
dear are not static. When we identify with these mentally constructed
entities and regard them as unchanging, you are in for a world of emotional
trouble that prevents personal progress.
One of the most beneficial habits you can adopt is playing with mental
Legos. Sit with an idea, thought, or problem and follow the connections that
present themselves. Stay vigilant of distractions. This is how you practice
creativity, mindfulness, and deep thinking without any external tools or
guides.
The big problem on the cultural, social, and personal level is identification
with ideology. Humans group ideas into what is supposed to be indivisible
unity of ideas. We leave no room for division and reunion. Your sense of
self is but a group of ideas that many see as unchanging. If you are
unwilling to let ideas flow as the Universe does, you will be unconsciously
bound to a suboptimal state of being.
Ideologies like certain religions, business models, or diets can be
considered collective egos or a collective self. And as we will learn, a
collective self will work to survive through mental energy. On the personal
level, our concept of self will do the same.ONE SONG
Uni-verse. One song. That is what you are smack in the middle of. Like you
are on a rowboat in the middle of the ocean with a storm brewing overhead,
and the boat can sink below the surface at any time unless you bucket the
water out.
At the top of a wave, hope rises as the sight of land becomes clearer. At the
bottom, despair sets in as the 10-foot-tall waves obstruct your vision. As the
storm disperses and the sun shines through, we feel at ease, but little do we
remember that a storm is not a singular occurrence.
This fantastical song cycles through summer, winter, spring, and fall. High
highs and low lows that illustrate the full range of the human experience.
We tend to yearn for summer during winter and reminisce on cozy winter
nights during summer. To escape the cold, we cover our ears so we don’t
have to hear the lesson that would propel us into a season of growth,
prosperity, and enjoyment.
Music is beautiful. To reach harmony, multiple vibrations are designed with
care. The pluck of a guitar string creates a high note, the repetitive bang of a
drum creates a beat, and the bass adds a little punch. Maybe throw in a few
piano keys here or there.
While this song is infinite in nature, it is multifaceted. It is not one sound
played at a time, although it very well could be, but not for long. This
reflects in your daily life. If you can’t focus, tasks, breaks, and that pesky
thought about that argument last night could drive you to the brink of
insanity.
Harmony. The Universe is in perfect harmony. You can fight with it or flow
with it, and the ego loves to fight with it. The question is: what song is
actually playing? And what song are you trying to listen to?
On a practical level, this introduces the topic of understanding, clarity, and
perception. You wouldn’t take one lyric from a song, play it on its own (oron repeat in your head), and expect it to make sense. Similarly, you
wouldn’t take a sentence from someone else’s mouth, plug it into your
story, and expect it to have the same meaning.
Yet this is what humans do. We see what we want to see, ignore what
allows it to exist, and let negative thoughts flood our mind about how the
crazy person is not the one in the mirror.
The mind craves order, and if the information you are feeding your mind
lacks a cohesive structure, you will become a victim of entropy. What’s
funny is that all information is interpreted through our worldview and
perception. Meaning, all information that you process (through any sense,
not just sight) is usually a part of a story that you tell yourself. That piece of
information, most of the time, will not make sense in alignment with your
conscious, subconscious, or unconscious goals in life. You must extract,
test, and think about how the information can be utilized without judgment.
If you are in a low point in life, seek to see the big picture. Understand that
the lows are not permanent, they are not unique to you, and they are
followed by a season of progress, if you listen to the lesson that life is
trying to teach you.
CYCLICAL STORIES
Life unfolds in chapters, phases, and cycles. The Universe is one song, but
it’s also one story, and one game. They all have the same structure. There is
an introduction, rising action, internal conflict, a main battle, falling action,
and resolution.
While one lyric of a song may not make sense on its own, it is still a unit
that can fit into another song. Everything is connected. The same holds true
for stories. Letters are wholes and parts of words. Then sentences,
paragraphs, sections, and chapters in a potential series of books.Every sentence has a purpose. Every chapter has a purpose. Every book has
a purpose. All of these contain accompanying problems standing in the way
of clarity. This is how the mind makes sense of the world. If you are lost, it
may be that you turned the page into a chapter where the purpose has not
been made clear yet.
Layers of stories allow us to construct meaning in our lives. A story has a
purpose that the teachings of each chapter lead to. Some chapters are
exciting, others boring. The main character is at the top of the world in one
chapter, but at the bottom of the ocean in another. And if we fail to open our
focus to realize that the highs can’t exist without the lows, our mind
struggles to maintain order and entropy grasps at our sanity.
One of the biggest problems in our time is trying to plug the paragraphs of
others’ stories into our book. It can make sense, but only if you try to see
beyond the literal interpretation of words. Advice, education, and
conversation must be interpreted from a shared purpose for it to retain its
maximum value. If this shared purpose is not found, the words won’t
register and arguments, problems, and emotions begin to take over. Order
does not only apply to an individual mind but collective as well.
We invented language by turning images into symbols, symbols into words,
words into paragraphs, and so on. All understanding is metaphorical, and
you can find deep lessons by seeking to understand the situation at hand, no
matter how much your ego doesn’t want you to.
The structure of stories reflects on all planes of existence that impact human
behavior from the top down. There is a solar and lunar eclipse. We’ve noted
patterns in the stars to represent astrological symbols that shift with the
calendar (I’m a Libra, by the way).
In our world, there are 4 seasons. Winter, spring, summer, and fall. While
these seasons cannot speak words, they are symbolic of so much more. It
does not take much mental effort to understand the feelings, purpose, and
behavior that each season contains.In culture, there are holidays like Halloween. We join in spirit to celebrate
an idea and our actions follow the purpose or goal that the holiday presents.
I’ve seen some questionable costumes. Children interpret this holiday as
having the purpose of acquiring the most candy possible. Others interpret it
with the purpose of letting loose and attracting a mate. Every collective
cycle, story, or phase can be interpreted by one in a different way than
another, depending where they are at personally.
In society, there are political seasons that get people a bit too emotional.
There is a tax season that raises the stress of every individual, no matter
their income. These strong, unconscious emotions influence your behavior.
And if that behavior is bad, it goes on to reproduce in minds across the
globe. If behavior changes on a large enough scale, it can influence the
health of society, culture, and even the cosmos at large. Your actions have
impact.
These global cycles have the potential to control your emotions like a
puppet when unconscious. But this is not the worst outcome. Having a little
team spirit for your political party has its consequences, but not as many as
relinquishing your role as the main character in your personal life.
I could go on and on about how robotic we are as species. We have much
less “self-control” than we think. The unconscious mind is powerful. It’s
like a sponge. With every repetition, like flowing water forming the Grand
Canyon, our behavior becomes more automatic.
You have a sleep cycle, an ingestion cycle, a work cycle, an excretion cycle,
and sex cycle, even if you don’t have a partner. It’s important to note that
these are only a portion of the habits we have in our personal life.
These personal cycles can vary per the individual, like how bodybuilders go
through bulking and cutting “seasons.” This ripples through the other cycles
in their lives.
Even more, there are business cycles. You’ll have high months and low
months. Seasons of progress and regress. Your business can gain a bit too
much “fat” in its exponential growth. And if you don’t cut down, it willcause more unconscious problems. Those problems will demand your
focus, drain your energy, and give you the experience that may be ignored.
The cycles of the Universe can be brutal; they don’t care about your
feelings. As you will learn, I am of the mind that everyone is an
entrepreneur, as it is in our nature. A steady paycheck is a useful stepping
stone but harsh slave master.
The Universal patterns of storytelling are how we construct meaning,
language, and communication. Now, this is not limited to stories alone, nor
is language limited to the written or spoken word. Language is the signifier
of cognitive activity. Nature, sculptures, dance, paintings, games, personal
style, and every other aspect of existence that we can perceive with infinite
combinations of the human senses can be interpreted by the mind.
A sculpture mimics the highs and lows of a story in its grooves, texture, and
form. This is a beautiful insight but goes beyond the physical world. We
have the ability to sculpt our mind, reinvent ourselves, and craft both a
physical and intellectual structure that forms a mode of intangible
communication with the external world.
You have the ability to interpret meaning from a combination of your
senses. Sculptures are stories frozen in time. Stories are sculptures melted
down and molded into an entirely new song. We can walk into a cathedral
and hear music in our ears even when music isn’t playing. We can taste a 5-
star meal and imagine ourselves in an elegant location. This is the gift of
consciousness and creation.
Language and meaning, at their core, are a combination of units of mind,
which are the smallest building blocks of ideas. Ideas are a novel
emergence that offer a direction in which to pave the road of expanded
thought, because thought is a program that is limited by the operating
system, or language, it operates on. We can only think as far as we know,
and narrow focus prevents us from knowing more. From this insight, we
can write a personal, societal, global, or cosmic story that is worth telling.The point is to observe the patterns that are all around you and see how they
reflect in your personal life. If you are stuck in a rut, that is but an
impermanent state that will resolve with time and effort. Above all, your
ability to zoom out to a conscious, open-focused state will allow you to see
these seasons for what they are: a necessary low that will lead into an
inevitable and impermanent high.
AT ONE NOT WAR
Struggle is a universal principle. It is silly to think that it isn’t supposed to
be a part of your life. But that is what we do. We expect life to be a certain
way, when it isn’t supposed to be anything other than what it’s being.
In this cyclical story of life, there will be conflict. It’s the most interesting
part of the story, in fact. That’s why we love stories. A problem is
introduced that piques our curiosity, becomes more problematic until the
climax, and when resolved we feel relieved after the roller coaster of
emotions.
From the highest perspective, resolved conflict leads to creative emergence.
Stars explode every 10 seconds and create new atomic nuclei. A war
between nations creates revolutionary advancements in technology. A fight
with your significant other, when resolved, creates a new appreciation for
their perspective. Turmoil in your own mind, when accepted, creates
profound lessons that make the next round more tolerable.
But we tend to focus on the technical, and often ideological, details of
conflict rather than the big picture. We resist conflict by narrowing our
minds on the conflict itself, rather than letting it flow as an interesting, and
often necessary, part of existence.
We can begin to see conflict, struggle, or battles as problems within a
system. If they are not solved, entropy ensues. When we zoom out, seek to
understand the system, and let go of the outcome, we create room forprogress. Progress feels good. Incredible, in fact, but in the opposite sense
of instant gratification.
This brings up one of the most important topics of our time. Instead of
seeing problems as they are, we see them as we think they should be, and
that “should be” is easy. So, we seek external sources of motivation to kick
us into action. Or we fight with the problem, not physically, but mentally.
We perform mental gymnastics to do anything but face reality.
The Universe acts regardless of how it feels. It doesn’t need the concept of
motivation. It makes mistakes, self-reflects, and iterates on a solution.
Feelings, push comes to shove, mean nothing when it comes to action. Still,
we let them run our lives.
You can write, and you can write well, regardless of how you feel. You can
do the dishes, walk the dog, apply for the job, start the business, leave the
toxic relationship, and make holistic progress even if you don’t feel like
doing it. Feelings are feedback, and we should treat them as such.
We live in a delusion that we want to make progress without it being hard.
People will go insane over the thought of hot weather but can go into a
sauna without complaint. The difference is expectation and intention. That
is, a conscious goal with clarity on how to overcome the problems standing
in the way.
When you’re out in the cold, your automatic reaction is to shiver. To fight.
It makes sense. The cold is uncomfortable. So, we focus on the negative
thoughts that flood our mind. These stem from the grooves formed by our
experience with previous cold exposure. The body is warning us that
extreme cold is dangerous, but this is not the case in most modern
situations. We have luxuries available to us after centuries of evolutionary
problem-solving.
While our body may fight, our mind doesn’t have to. If you were to be with
it, flow with it, and realize that discomfort is a part of the human
experience, you would find that your thoughts are the culprit of your
suffering.Compulsive thought is the battle of battles. Your resistance to conflict stems
from thoughts of comfort that distract you from what is. The way to true
comfort is to let go and rejoice in the harmony that is all around you.
Of course, there will be seasons where problems seem nonexistent. We get
comfortable when life is going well, and we remember these times as
reference points that our mind seeks to move back to. Out of nowhere, you
may feel lost. You may fall back into bad habits. Entropy will take hold
when you let your guard down, and a host of new problems threaten the
mental comfort that we love to call home.
Be wary when things are going too well. If you succumb to these
comfortable states of mind, you aren’t making progress. You are getting rest
for the next round of heat. Rest is good, but the modern notion of rest is
distorted. Even a season of mediocrity is a necessary learning experience
that allows your vision for personal success to take form.
The nature of experience is refinement through struggle. If you are
inexperienced, problems will be as problematic as the attention you give
them. Awareness is the first step, universal perspective is the second, and if
it is real, accepting the battle for what it is comes last. Radical acceptance
of present-moment reality is the start of the solution to most, if not all, of
your perceived problems.
We aren’t trying to be at war with it, we are trying to be at one with it. Sit
with the problem. Contemplate it. Fight with it until you realize the futility
in fighting with fabrication. Then, let go. When you least expect it, the
creative breakthrough will come, and the season of intensity will be at your
doorstep. It’s not a battle, but a dance.THE SELF
The human superpower is choice. We no longer need to outsource our
choices to biological, sociological, or psychological drives. Instead, we can
aim for the future, acquire specific knowledge, and create a sense of self
that leaves a dent on the world.
By the time a child is 9 months old, they start developing a kinesthetic
image of who they are. Parents cover their eyes, so the child follows, and
when they shout “peekaboo!” we let our hands drop away and reveal
ourselves to the world.
As we age, we learn nursery rhymes that teach us certain aspects of our
body, especially the face, because we cannot see it directly. To label and
remember the idea of our face, we point and remember the labels “eyes,
ears, mouth, and nose.”
From this foundational understanding of the human body, the self can begin
interacting with others. And when they do, our sensory perceptions store
information in a way that aids in our survival.
With time, our cognitive capacity increases, and our knowledge
compounds. We no longer need to think about who we are and how it
impacts our lives.Once we feel like we have a solid grasp on this thing called “life,” physical
survival becomes less of a threat, and this is where humans begin to
differentiate themselves in a drastic manner.
The next phase of survival transcends the physical plane. Modern survival
is about mindset. We adopt goals, identify with them, and our behavior
changes to achieve, or survive, those goals. This is where things can skew
toward good or evil. If you don’t define your own goals, standards, and
expectations for success, you may end up a slave to someone else’s. When
we step back and observe the masses, we can see this unfold in a negative
manner. From religion to business to sports to jobs, we become a part of a
whole of someone else’s creation, unconsciously identify with it, and act to
survive that identity.
This alone points toward an answer to sustainable enjoyment in our lives,
because this alone is responsible for the majority of our suffering. When we
unconsciously act to survive an identity that is often greater than ourselves,
the pain can be unbearable.
If we are conscious of the impact of our identity, replace the faulty pieces,
and use survival to our advantage in the pursuit of our goals, we can flip our
perception of struggle from suffering to fulfillment.
SELF AND OTHER
Most of the answers to your burning questions about your existence can be
encapsulated under 2 meta questions. Who am I? (intrinsic). What is my
purpose? (extrinsic).
When we use the words “I” or “me,” we are referring to a mental construct.
Other people can tell you who you are, but they will never have access to
your state of mind. Your friends hold an idea of who you are in their heads,
but this is missing billions of bits of information you’ve processed with
your conscious mind throughout your life that form your experience. Thisidea is formed by their interactions with you, which I’m assuming is a
fraction of the time you spend with yourself.
Let’s do a thought experiment to understand the concept of self. I want you
to picture yourself as a newborn. As you age, you begin to focus your
attention on certain things in the world. When you focus on any aspect of
reality, a “string” is formed.
This string is metaphorical. It represents that experience as a snapshot in
time. And when these experiences are repeated, the strings become stronger.
We often call this “conditioning” or “programming.” Now, depending on
the perceived importance of that which held your attention, a certain type of
string is attached between the self and other. This is a personal distinction
that aids in your survival.
When you first learn about a cloud, you relate it to who you are and what it
means to your life. The same goes for your parents, food, bed, grass, and
every unit of mind you become aware of. This is including the moment-to-
moment perceptions of the situation. How did you feel? Was it positive or
negative? Do you want to experience it again? Do you want to fill your
experience with more of that thing? Through gradual exposure to the world,
we layer experiences on top of each other, forming an invisible web of
expectations that allow us to understand the world.
Some strings are made of a fickle yarn, others are layered, braided, and
strengthened to the point of what would seem like steel wire that is an inch
in diameter. The yarn strings are easy to cut, but the steel strings . . . not so
much.
The yarn strings don’t conduct or transfer much energy, but the steel strings
can result in a high voltage electric shock, and you won’t even see it
coming. The stronger the attachment, the stronger the emotional reaction
when that illusory identification is threatened. These strings are not only
formed from material perception, but immaterial. Beliefs, biases, ideology,
ideas, and language that allow you to make sense of the world around you.This is how the notion of “self” is created. When I say self, I am talking
about who you think you are, not who you really are. A mental construct
built on a groundless foundation.
Neurotransmitters like dopamine signal that something outside of you is
important. Dopamine levels increase in the brain when something new
registers in your awareness. When you are young, everything is important.
Everything is new. Like a puppy in fresh grass, children explore a world of
wonder until it becomes normal to them. As adults, our web of expectations
is so developed that life seems to lose its zest. And when something doesn’t
fit into that narrow worldview, we lash out with negative emotion until we
can make sense of it, rather than opening our mind to the wonder of the
unknown.
Throughout your personal evolution, your attention roams free and soaks in
everything it can to get on the same page as everyone else. A string is
formed for a cloud. Another is formed when you perceive the distinction
between a light and dark cloud, and yet another when the dark cloud lets out
drops of water called “rain.” This is rather harmless, but it is only the
beginning.
If we remember the division and reunion of a body of water, like the ocean
to clouds to rain to puddles to ocean, we can start to understand that a cloud
is not static. Since this principle of impermanence is universal, nothing is
static, not even you, your state of mind, or who you think you are. The harm
is done when we resist life through the power of thought.
No longer do we live in a time where this signal of importance would
indicate a common bush that has newly grown edible berries. Our world is
different. Our cultural and social survival needs have evolved, but our
psyches are stuck with the wiring of our ancestors. Humans do not
primarily survive on a physical level, but on a conceptual level.
As we age, and if we retain a low capacity for critical thought, certain
beliefs can form strings so strong that when cut, the emotional response is
on par with physical death. When the illusory self identifies with somethinglike a religious ideology, and all of its inner workings, it becomes a part of
who you are. Who you think you are, that is.
What’s the problem with this? The hundreds of thousands – if not billions –
of strings that form the self over time do just that. They form the self. They
are your identity. They influence your thoughts, emotions, and actions. The
concept of self is a puppet master to those that do not realize this.
The same principle applies to any value system, affiliation, or any other
teaching that is often taken as law or touted as the best option. When the
identity is threatened, we act to survive the mental construct, because the
feeling of threat is real, but often misinterpreted.
Have you not seen this across the news, in your personal life, or on social
media? Whether it be political, religious, academic, or scientific, we tend to
burst out with extreme, uncontrollable emotion to defend the strings that we
have formed to birth, refine, and survive the self.
Know that these strings can attach the self to any unit of mind that you
assign importance to. Anything. Like when I was young and would get
angry when my brother crossed more than a centimeter through my door. It
was the boundary of my room, wasn’t it? Why should he be allowed in if I
don’t want him to be?
Are you a coffee drinker? If I brought to your awareness that you have a
mild addiction and could use a break, how would you react? For many
people, they would come back with an immediate answer. No critical
thought. No self-awareness. No honesty. A compulsive, fabricated lie to end
the conversation as fast as possible. How else are you going to survive the
coffee drinker in you?
Some may ask, why would I get defensive about being a coffee drinker? It
may not be the coffee itself, but the benefits of feeling as if you belong to
the coffee-drinking tribe. Again, something larger than yourself. A part
within a whole. The clothes you wear, the places you hang out, and the
potential partners you can find that share a love for coffee are on the line.
Or it can be that you use coffee to enhance your productivity at work. Ifyour coffee usage is questioned, your productivity is threatened, and your
livelihood comes into the survival equation.
These examples showcase our emotional on-and-off nature. Something as
simple as my brother stepping into my room would have me trying to
survive the idea of My Room, as I assigned that importance to it and
everything in it.
Treat negative feelings as a test of awareness. When you feel a disturbance
in your inner peace, follow that feeling along the string until you reach the
source, which may be much, much deeper than you could ever imagine.
SURVIVAL SYSTEMS
Humans survive on a conceptual level. We are not animals, but we have
transcended and included aspects of their existence. While we both work to
survive the information in our genes, humans work to survive nongenetic
information in our consciousness like language, social and cultural
constructs, and most notably those which compose our sense of self.
Animals survive their physical form; humans survive their conceptual form.
Forms in consciousness change like rain to the ocean, but the mind attempts
to make the impermanent permanent due to the evolutionary nature of our
psyche. Your “self” is your psychic body, and conceptual forms look out for
psychic threats like a narrative, contradiction, or idea within its worldview.
When our identity is threatened, we have a physical stress response on par
with that of a mouse, moments before death, with 2 poison-dipped fangs
penetrating its side. On top of that, you wouldn’t see a giraffe getting
offended because you challenged its beliefs. This is a human phenomena.
Physical survival is still a threat, of course, but we don’t live in a world
where we must worry about a wild animal latching onto our throat, even in
prison much of the time. Through evolution, we have drastically reduced
the mental energy required to sustain our physical survival.The notable pattern here is that humans pursue goals of survival and status.
And once status is acquired, we work to survive the identity we’ve attached
to that status. If this is unconscious, it works against us. We become a slave
to our own mind.
When your significant other breaks up with you, or even worse, passes
away, it feels as if a part of you has died. You feel the accompanying
physical sensations that make you feel as if you are dying. When we form
relationships, we share the ideas that are important to us. Those ideas shape
the perspective of the other person in the relationship and go on to mold
their identity. This is how humans replicate their psychic body.
Another example would be that of Ben Gunn, a boy who was thrown in
prison after beating his friend to death. Ben accidently let his deepest secret
spill, had his conceptual life flash before his eyes, and couldn’t seem to
control himself as the emotions rose with the piece of furniture in his hands
used as a murder weapon.
Beyond that and thirty years into Ben’s sentence, he had made a name for
himself in prison. He became the “jailhouse lawyer” and helped his fellow
inmates fight the system. Even after he fell in love with a visiting teacher
that attempted to coax him out to a cottage oasis in the England hills, he
didn’t want to leave. On his release on August 23, 2012, he found himself
curled into a ball rocking back and forth for 2 weeks. According to his
online blog, he still doesn’t feel the same. Ben had experienced a swift
conceptual death.
Once we identify with a purpose, which is limited by our experience, we
collect information to survive the identity associated with that purpose. The
information we notice in day-to-day life is limited by our identity. Our
identity houses our perspective, our perspective influences how we perceive
situations, and our perception influences if we act in a conducive manner
toward the right goals. Your field of awareness will register what it
perceives as important for its survival.Everyone has direct experience of this phenomenon. Like when you see a
specific car for the first time, and then you see it everywhere. Or when you
notice a brand of clothing you like – because it aligns with your
unconscious goal of fitting in with others as a survival mechanism – and
then you see it everywhere.
Naturally, we will shift our behavior in alignment with this identity. We will
act in a specific way, within a specific perspective, and reinforce a specific
identity until it becomes effortless. Our identity shapes our habits, and our
habits reinforce our self-image. Habits are the grooves in your mind that
preserve mental energy when it comes time to act.
In other words, we develop unconscious survival systems that dictate our
actions, large and small. Our actions determine who we are, and if we spend
the majority of our lives unaware of the identities, perspectives, and
accompanying goals we are working to survive, we may end up as a person
we hate when we finally decide to wake up.
The mental energy we invest in the system that survives our identity will
influence our experience. This alone explains the gap between the miserable
and the fulfilled. The miserable allow their focus to be manhandled by their
environment. The fulfilled understand the external world through
observation and control their focus within it.
To make this more practical, the reason we attempt to survive an identity is
because of the goals that form that identity. The more mental energy you
invest in a meaningful goal, the more important it becomes to you. When
you are consciously investing in that goal, the feeling of pure progress is
incredible. You know that you are moving forward toward your goal. You
have feedback.
Most people think they “find” their passion when in reality, they create it by
investing mental energy into a goal. Only then can they cultivate an
intrinsic reasoning that pulls them to achieve that goal. If you wait until you
feel passionate enough to act, you will never discover what is truly
meaningful to you.If you stop making progress, you begin to feel less satisfied with life, and if
it drags on too long, the pain can be unbearable. Why? Because you
subconsciously know that you are wasting the mental currency you’ve
invested in a goal by not achieving it. If you don’t have the feedback of
progress to remind you that you are on the right path, you begin to feel lost.
This is only half of the story. Survival is not only about preserving who we
are through defensive strategies, but offensive. We don’t only try to survive
our sense of self but reproduce it. Conceptual reproduction is the drive to
spread the ideas, beliefs, and biases that make you, you.
There is a reason we feel the pull to create. An author’s drive to write a
book is not only for the joy of creation, but to impregnate the minds of
others with their ideas so they can live on long beyond their physical death.
When we engage in conversation with a friend, we can often find a shared
perspective in which to exchange ideas to strengthen each other’s
worldview. As humans we give, notice, and accept the ideas that will aid in
the achievement of our goals, for better or worse.
Of course, this can flip on its head very fast. If our beliefs are threatened,
emotions flood our mind, and we feel the urge to lash out in a verbal storm
of parroted ideas to survive whatever beliefs we subscribe to. This becomes
apparent during political seasons, mass media hysteria, and even religious
parents that seek to reproduce their selves in a rebellious child that
questions their beliefs.
If we seek to understand our nature, we can start playing the real game that
boils down to one question: how do we make survival the most meaningful?
HARMONIC OSCILLATION
You feel bad because your future self is watching your every move, and
they don’t like what they see. By the time we are near adulthood, our mindis like an overweight sculpture waiting to be chiseled down, revealing the
god-like physique that has developed underneath.
Chiseling requires small, skilled, and accurate taps to maintain the
foundation of the material. If you strike too hard, you may send a crack
through the core. If you strike too soft, you will get discouraged at your
inability to change.
Now that we have a big picture understanding of our concept of self, we can
work to change it. Meaning that we must deconstruct the mind, see all its
parts, and remove what isn’t supposed to be there. This way we can act
from a place of authenticity while developing a character that is conducive
to our ideal future and present enjoyment.
In classical and quantum mechanics, a harmonic oscillator is one of the
most important concepts to understand regarding the behavior of certain
systems. While the science can be difficult to understand, the point is
simple.
When you apply external force to a particle, it is displaced from
equilibrium. Like if you were to flick a doorstopper as a kid to hear the
funny noise it made. When we would flick the metal stopper, it would shake
back and forth, depending on the force we applied, until coming to a stop
back in the position it was.
A better example would be a string attached to 2 objects, forming a
relationship between them. If that string was plucked, or one of the objects
moved in a quick manner, the string would bounce up and down like a wave
until coming back to a calm state.
Under another lens, we can think of the mental construct of self as a house,
but not a home. When you build a house, you start with a sturdy foundation,
add the structure, and paint over it in a way that appeals to the eye.
Thanks to entropy, the house tends toward disorder. You need layers of
systems to maintain the structure with invested mental energy to match. The
paint will chip unless you hire a painter. Rooms will get dirty unlesseveryone cleans them. The dishes won’t be washed unless someone does it
physically or uses technology to save mental energy.
Not only that, but if you want to change the structure of the house, you must
be precise and knowledgeable. It is common sense to not demolish the
house as a whole, because that is on par with death of the house itself and
everything inside it. You also wouldn’t remove a foundational piece of the
house as your starting point.
Instead, you start your reconstruction with what you know. You learn,
experiment, and improve your understanding of the house as you iterate on
a long-term plan.
When we translate this to our mind, and change the identity that no longer
serves us, when you try to remove a part of your house, you are applying an
external force. If that part of your house is foundational, the emotional
response will match.
When most people seek to change and take the painful actions necessary,
they often fail to see those low points as necessary. We fight with the
emotions that wash over us and allow them to influence our actions.
On the Universal scale, our thoughts, emotions, and actions oscillate
between the creation of heaven or hell, but few people recognize that
responsibility. Your actions will only serve a collective heaven after you
experience the personal hell that comes with identity change. From that
chaotic rock bottom, it is your responsibility to bring order to your life.
The dualistic nature of reality is tricky because we often isolate 2 extremes
of a pair with the distinctive thoughts in our head. Black would not make
sense without white, nor up without down, love without hate, happy without
sad, matter without space, something without nothing, or finity without
infinity.
When we neglect the complementary existence of these entities and see
them as standalone, our mind gets stuck as the Universe pushes toward
evolutionary progress. Our imaginary sense of self stays the same whilereality continues to change with each passing moment. And when our
expectations fail to align with the actuality of a situation, emotional lash out
is often the result.
THE PULL INWARD
Everyone has felt the pull. The call to greatness. The silent yearning for
more, but not in a materialistic sense. Can you feel it? Or is your focus
limited by the intellectual structure you call home?
The pull inward demands outward problem-solving, from superficial to
metaphysical, while maintaining as holistic of a perspective as you are able.
The path of mastery is obvious, but our conditioning prevents us from
seeing it.
You are being attracted to your highest version, and the depth of your core
can sense it. The external call to evolve requires you to chisel inward
beneath the mental constructs that have been layered through your
conditioning. Your internal state must become one with the ever-changing
external state.
You identify problems in your life and solve them. That’s it. That’s how you
live with purpose, unless you get distracted. But most people want to solve
the problems of the world before they solve their own. This is a recipe for
disaster. How can you help the world if you haven’t helped yourself? If you
have not developed the identity that you reproduce in every interaction, you
are contributing to a collective hell on Earth unless you make the conscious
decision to evolve.
Start with what’s right in front of you. You know, the superficial things that
you sweep under the rug because you have the desire for bigger, better, and
selfless pursuits to veil what is staring at you in the mirror. Don’t ignore
your personal problems that are begging to be solved. You wouldn’t build a
temple on a foundation of chipped wood and bent screws.Are you overweight? Do you hate your job? Are you tired all the time? Did
you just go through a breakup? Are you trapped in a cloud of negative
emotions? You must sit with these problems, observe them from a state of
open focus, and become aware of how they impact your life. Then, you
must gather the knowledge, skills, and resources that allow you to dive in
with clarity in your day-to-day life.
It takes time to realize how one problem spreads into all areas of your life.
Like how a lack of money can prevent optimal health, moving to a
beneficial environment, and silently destroy your relationships. Or how a
lack of health leads to low physical energy, which impacts your quality of
work, how you look, your self-esteem, and your ability for clear thinking.
You must hunt for a reason, a “why,” for solving that problem. One that
makes sense to you. One that makes action seamless. One that you find in
conversations, books, and not distracting yourself with mindless
entertainment. With the intrinsic energy from that “why,” you create a goal
to overcome that problem. This is your purpose until the next reveals itself.
Once you begin to invest mental energy into that goal, momentum begins to
take over, because nobody likes the feeling of a wasted investment.
Intention is a magnet toward a desired future that is enhanced with reason.
As you trek toward your goals, continue hunting for “whys” to reinforce
your positive behavior. The initial reason you started will lose weight with
time and entropy. Collect the pieces of a philosophy that uphold your
pursuit to a better life.
If you need clarity, adopt the mindset of the silent observer. Pay close
attention to the actions of those around you. Comparing yourself to others,
which is often demonized, can be a useful tool for understanding what you
don’t want. From there, you can flip that on its head to gain clarity on what
you want. When you are at the grocery store, observe what others are
putting in their baskets. Observe how they look. Transfer consciousness into
them and craft a story for how they live, feel, and act without reason. This
is not judgmental or unethical if you are doing it for the sole reason of
correcting your own behavior.If someone has a mind, body, or lifestyle you desire, use that as fuel to
educate, execute, and iterate as you learn more about yourself. If somebody
has a mind, body, or lifestyle you despise, use that as fuel to push in the
opposite direction.
You need a plan. A strategy. A clear set of goals that form a system that,
when backed by focused effort, will create a meaningful future. There isn’t
any other way. Because if you don’t have a plan, society does, and it’s been
planning your life for decades. When you discover your lesser or greater
purpose in life, you must bridge the gap between you and it by creating
order in the mind. A plan is structured information that you can bring your
attention to when mental chaos ensues.
Realize that you do not have one purpose. To chisel down to your core and
discover who you really are, you must solve the problems that are staring
you straight in the face. Once you bust through that karma, greater purposes
will begin to reveal themself to you if you stay on the path.
The paradox here is that to dive inward you must solve superficial problems
outward. Once those problems are solved, you are both closer to the
authenticity of your core while increasing the value you can provide to the
external world.
As an example, let’s look at a teenager that just went through a breakup. At
first, they are overwhelmed with emotion. They feel lost. Little progress is
made. A chapter of their life is coming to an end. As the emotions fade to a
manageable level, they seek to invest their newly found mental energy in a
new goal, because they don’t need to maintain the relationship anymore.
For the pursuit of status, they become aware of how training and exercise
can help increase their perceived value to meet a more desirable partner.
They came across this reasoning because the intention to improve beyond
their low point in life allowed them to register information that will aid in
resolving their conscious pain. They did not distract themselves from their
problem.With the thought of a new purpose, they invest mental energy in education.
As they are exposed to more information, they gain clarity on how to
actualize that goal. As they make progress, they learn a valuable lesson that
reinforces their pursuit. That they are in control of their fate. They may go
through their own mental battles, but the thought of wasting their energy
investment outweighs the thought of returning to baseline. If their journey
pans out as many others do, their superficial “why” would transform into a
sense of mastery behind their pursuits. They would continue with their
health journey simply because they fell in love with the process. That alone
will attract a more developed partner, and by that point, they won’t feel as if
they need that partner to be happy.
This situation does not apply to everyone but illustrates a strong pattern in
the start of an individual’s self-development journey. I would encourage
you to note similar patterns in your life. You now have the awareness; the
rest is on you.THE GAME
On November 23, 2004, a software development company, Blizzard
Entertainment, released one of the most popular games of the 21st century.
Little did they know they created a microcosm of life that would impact the
world far beyond the limits of its predecessors.
The game was a massive multiplayer online role-playing game – or
MMORPG – called World of Warcraft. Think of it like real life. But if that
life took place in a time when dragons, castles, and spell-casting elves or
shapeshifting bear-like creatures were a thing.
Let’s imagine you were a player in this game. When you first boot up, you
are prompted with a series of choices. First, you choose your race, which
isn’t a possibility in the physical world, but let’s use our imagination here.
Do you want to be a human? What about an orc, troll, or gnome? You
would be correct in assuming these aren’t the conventional interpretations
of “race,” often assumed from skin tone. Instead, the races of this game
were tied to a culture that was constructed by the software company itself.
That way, players could become even more immersed in the virtual world.
This is no different from cultural programming in reality.
Next, you choose your class, preferably one that you would enjoy playing
as. You have free reign to become a warrior, mage, or something more
utilitarian, like a paladin. Keep in mind that your choice here will determinethe opportunities available to you in the future. One quick decision could
lead to a game you don’t care to play anymore.
After changing your hair, stature, and other cosmetic details (all impacting
your enjoyment of the game), you are launched into a specific starting zone.
In this zone, you run through a tutorial that teaches you the fundamentals,
rules, and mechanics of the game. You practice slaying monsters, level up a
few times, and begin your journey as the main character of the world.
Once you understand the game, you begin completing a series of quests –
that form a storyline – to gain experience. As you gain experience, new
opportunities become available to you. You unlock dungeons. You can join
a guild. You can travel to new locations to complete different quests. In the
real world, we often aren’t aware of what these opportunities can be, so we
choose to remain stagnant, comfortable, and ignorant.
Dungeons contain bosses and bosses contain valuable loot. Higher-level
dungeons require more skill, experience, and time playing the game. If you
want valuable items, you need to develop your character to take on the
challenge necessary to receive those items. It’s not instant, but the most
difficult challenges present the most profound lessons.
Guilds are like a community. They support each other, craft strategies to
win, and help you level up faster than playing alone. But you can’t just join
any guild. Every guild has specific needs dependent on their collective goal.
If you aren’t a good fit, you can’t join. Guilds often join together or fight
against each other like political parties or people that subscribe to a specific
diet. When people join together to form a collective self, their shared
purpose can be actualized much faster. But the potential destruction they are
capable of is not to be taken lightly.
For each of these, you will serve a specific purpose depending on your prior
choices. The path you take influences how you will play the game in the
future. How you are able to play the game determines your enjoyment of
playing the game.Be mindful, because if you want to have fun in the future, your present
actions must reflect that. In this game, the big important decisions
compound into a personal heaven or hell. In a game like this, you are
almost forced to be conscious of your choices. In reality, social conditioning
leads to mindless action that when gone unchecked can take years of
stagnation to undo the damage. Wake up now.
The last notable pattern in this virtual world is the currency system. There is
a public auction where you can buy and sell resources, power-ups, and
upgrades. Each of these hold a different value that is determined by the
players’ goals within the game.
The profession you specialize in, the abilities you upgrade, and the skills
you stack will determine how much gold you can acquire. If you specialize
in blacksmithing, the items you craft may be more valuable than what
someone else can create. But will you enjoy that path? Or are you doing it
for the money? And if you are doing it for the money, will you remain a
slave to it? Or do you have a plan to use it as leverage toward your ideal
future?
The skills you acquire will determine the challenges you take on. Those
challenges expand your awareness of profitable opportunities. Profitable, in
this sense, goes far beyond a dollar amount.
My generation is notorious for transferring their obsession for video games
into the real world. A majority of my colleagues learned how to level up
their character, stack gold, and have the discipline to log on every day and
repeat the same boring actions that lead to exponential results. It’s no
wonder they have multimillion-dollar businesses doing what they enjoy.
Whether you’ve played these games or not, there is a lot we can learn from
them. That is what I am here to help you understand.
THE COLLECTIVE HARD DRIVELife is a game and the select few that are aware of its existence are the ones
that can play to win, maximize their enjoyment, and sleep well, knowing
that they are in control of their future.
The game of life makes sense from a macro perspective. But it is all too
common for people to narrow their minds on the micro games of life. The
new car that you want so badly. The person that cut you off in traffic.
Maybe even the argument you had with your significant other. The situation
has passed, and you haven’t won the meaningless game. Your mind keeps
dragging your focus back to it, as if it can still be won.
If you can mold your mind to see a situation for what it is, a game, by
creating a beneficial end goal, constructing a path to get there, and
deciphering the most advantageous actions you can take, even mundane
situations can become enjoyable.
As humans, we have a perpetual thirst to learn more, primarily for survival.
All our actions are influenced by the need, not want, to go on. It’s in our
blood. Everyone has the opportunity to master, transcend, and include their
survival. This takes development over time but is a worthwhile pursuit for
those that want less stress, more creativity, and the ability to choose the
games they want to play.
We learn and learn and learn from our parents, teachers, and friends, who
learned from their parents, teachers, and friends, who were influenced by
their life path, culture, and society. Schools, governments, and religious
institutions rank the highest in authority and are often the first sources of
information you are exposed to when seeking an answer to solve your
problems. To be good in school, society, and religion, you must wash your
mind with the teachings of school, society, and religion. A social fabric that
relies solely on itself to make sense. Groundless, but necessary. A tool, not
a master.
This vicious learning process began at the inception of human
consciousness and continued for eons until this very moment. Layer after
layer, we overloaded our minds, and our minds efficiently stored thatinformation – so we have the mental energy to learn more – to aid in our
survival.
The problem is a lack of questioning. When we are young, we don’t know
any better. Who is going to question what they are told when they don’t
even know what a question is?
Throughout this evolutionary process, human nature began to reflect in
larger entities, like society. Similar to how we stored information in our
minds to free up more mental energy to learn, we built solutions for worldly
problems. Layer after layer.
Plowing fields took a lot of work, so we used our creative ability to solve
that problem with a tractor. Trade was unfair, so we created currency.
Communication was limited, so we created social media. The pattern here is
that problems are never solved forever. Your problems don’t go away, you
just get better at solving them. Some view this as daunting, while others
view it as their way out of suffering.
To create, the idea must come first. To innovate, the creation must come
first. The tractor would be an impossibility without the plow, and you can’t
fix a problem that doesn’t exist (because the creation that creates the
problem doesn’t exist).
To keep a long story short, modern society emerged and the collective
psyche was conditioned to reflect that. Those that teach us when we are
young already have a game that they want us to play. Retirement is how you
win, schooling and high-status jobs are how you play, and our decisions
occur without conscious choice. Our fate is decided unless you are made
aware of a better path and choose to create, play, and win your own game.
This is less about an evil overlord planning to enslave humanity and more
about humans wanting to survive in the most efficient way possible. The
collective unconscious got you into this mess. The conscious individual can
get you out.The game is programmed onto the collective psyche. You can’t change it,
but you can understand it. Once you do, you can deconstruct it, recreate it,
and maneuver yourself to the top in a fulfilling manner.
THE NON-PLAYER CHARACTER
Every thing is a mental construct, a unit of mind, and only some are aware
that their accepted web of expectations controls their lives. Those that aren’t
aware of its existence have a hidden agreement that these floating buildings
are reality.
You can opt out of playing the game, whether it be social, personal, or
anything in between. That is to say, you don’t have to take control of your
life. But you can’t escape survival. Even when you stand still, you are
forced to move. By doing nothing, you become a modern slave. Not in the
physical sense, but mental. Attention, not labor.
The mind craves order. Our attention will always gravitate toward a
hierarchy of goals, that form a game, to ease the sense of uncertainty that is
baked into life itself. If you don’t focus your mind on what you want, it will
be focused on what others want for you.
The masses flock to secure career paths and belief systems. An illusion of
certainty to avoid struggle. They are convinced that this path is the one of
the least risk, when it is the opposite.
In a video game, a non-player character, or NPC, is any character that is not
controlled by a player. They are programmed to do what they are told.
NPCs can be vendors, teachers, dungeon bosses, and even public figures.
They help guide players through their own story by providing a structure
for the game to operate. A video game wouldn’t be that fun if it was you
alone without anybody to interact with.
In the real world, NPCs can be considered modern slaves. They are human
like the rest of us, but they never questioned their conditioning. Their mindsoaked up cultural and social constructs like a sponge. When you interact
with these individuals, they will spew information to survive the identity
they have adopted. This is how they guide your attention toward the “safe”
path.
Understand that polarity still applies here. Across all domains of life exists
a spectrum of personal consciousness and unconsciousness. We are all
NPCs at times and main characters at others. The goal is to reduce our time
spent in the former with time and reflection.
In Western culture, by the time the average individual turns eighteen, their
life is already mapped out for them. Their beliefs are static. Their career
path is static. Their sense of self is static. Immovable.
Unless an individual can question everything – and I mean everything –
they will embark on the path of the NPC. Little chance at personal
evolution, which has vast ramifications.
In the 3rd millennium, where the status quo is cracking at the seams, every
individual has a chance to become the highest version of themself. When
most people have a sense of self that is the product of the external world,
you have the chance to peel back the layers. You can build a self that is a
conscious, personal creation that works less, earns more, and enjoys life.
RULES OF THE GAME
Games present the big goal of winning, accompanied by a descending series
of goals – each presenting their own level of challenge – to bring clarity to
your decision-making as you play. That way, we don’t get overwhelmed by
the demands of winning the game.
If your ideal future – or life’s work, vision, or purpose – seem out of reach,
this can cause you to hesitate when acting toward a better future. Because it
is uncertain, which invokes anxiety. A plan creates clarity, and clarity
creates action.In a game, the default grand plan has been strategized with data and made
static. All players can learn to play. But your life is unique. Nobody can
create a plan for you. If they can, you relinquish the most important trait
you can choose to develop, which is the creative ability of your mind.
Instead, it is wise to learn the game, deconstruct its parts, break a few
things, and create a better one that doesn’t get you in too much trouble.
In society, the end goal is retirement. To win, you are supposed to be a good
student, memorize every fact without nonacademic question, and work your
way up the status ladder until you can get some of your time back.
In a video game, the end goal is reaching the highest level (and, in many
games, there is no highest level, the progression is endless). You will have
to slay monsters, improve your skill set, and log on in a consistent fashion
to complete time-bound quests.
In a board game like chess, the end goal is defeating your opponent. To do
that, you must outwit them with every move. Big-picture strategy is king;
don’t get trapped in the technical details.
In everyday situations, like your spouse shopping for home decorations, she
wins by finding the perfectly affordable match for the goal she holds in her
mind. You may find this incredibly boring. You may even start an argument
with her. But if you were to order your mind by creating your own game –
like finding the stupidest-looking decoration – then you also have a chance
at winning regardless of someone else’s decisions. The enjoyable time with
your spouse is, of course, an added bonus.
Aside from a hierarchy of goals to guide your attention, games have 3
important qualities to help reduce the potential for distraction even further:
frame, rules, and mechanics.
The frame is the playing field. It is a constructed reality that allows your
mind to focus on what is occurring within that reality. The frame is mental
and begs understanding. If you don’t understand what game you are
playing, you will get bored, anxious, or overwhelmed.In the real world, the frame is your perspective. We will dig into this later,
but your perspective allows for accurate perception of the problems within a
situation. If you are shopping with your spouse, your perspective – which
holds and influences your beliefs, thoughts, and emotions around the
situation – will dictate how enjoyable the situation is for you.
Within that frame there are rules. Rules are conditions, limits, or
distinctions that the game makers enforce to narrow your attention on the
task at hand. When your attention becomes one with the task, you increase
the potential of tapping into an addictively enjoyable state of mind, where
distractions do not phase you. In this state, you are making pure progress
toward a conscious goal.
From a Universal perspective, rules are synonymous with limits on infinity.
Or content in consciousness. This is how we operate as a collective and
bring ordered information to the mind of the individual. If you were the
only being in this world, you would have no use for things like language,
money, or games. You would sit back in pure experience as the infinite song
unfolds before you.
Anything that can be put into words is a self-imposed limit that prevents us
from understanding what can’t be put into words. This isn’t bad, because
we need to be on the same page as everyone else, but it is a useful
distinction to avoid getting trapped on the surface. Limits provide structure
for our mind and ground our attention in reality, but there is a depth to this
life that most people never realize. Conditioning creates conditions for your
happiness. Use them but see through them.
In a game, these limits and conditions are called rules. But these rules aren’t
introduced all at once. It is a progression. From novice to intermediate to
advanced. As you increase your skill, and the rules become second nature,
more are introduced that increase the complexity of the game. That way you
don’t get overwhelmed.
Lastly, there are the mechanics of the game. These are a sequence of actions
that you practice to increase your skill level. This requires you to learn, fail,and improve to gain experience. Learning the rules through theory will only
get you so far. You must implement what you learn by practicing the
mechanics of any game in front of you. You get better at something by
doing it. Social skills, writing, design, making money, getting a job,
creating your life’s work, cooking, and any other skill or trait that your
character can adopt. You suck at it because you will do everything but that.
This is a harsh truth that nobody wants to hear (and everybody will search
for endless theory to avoid).
If you can break the compulsive pattern of mechanical thoughts, emotions,
and actions, you create space to expand your mind, set conscious goals,
create clarity, and refocus your attention toward conducive action.
HOW TO PLAY
When you have absolute clarity on how to win and a sprinkle of challenge
that matches your skill level, the world goes quiet, and you become at one
with the river that is reality. Formless, boundless, limitless. Top athletes
describe their performances as spiritual. They’ve developed themselves to a
point where their skill becomes art. Intuitive. Natural. Creative. They’ve
transcended the need to think about what they are doing. They just do.
Pure progress is a blissful experience. Some call it the flow state. When you
are at one with what’s right in front of you, leaning into the flow of nature,
problems lose their weight and nothing else matters. All is well.
If you start playing a game, especially without reading the rule book, will
the experience be enjoyable? Probably not. And even if you knew the rules,
it wouldn’t become enjoyable until you grasp the mechanics of the game.
If you were a level one character, an absolute beginner, and somehow
managed to battle a level one hundred, a seasoned expert, would it be fun?
First, you’d lose immediately. Two, it would only have the possibility of
being fun if you mold your mind to create a new game. Like if you were toattempt to lose as fast as possible, which may be fun, but won’t get you
anywhere in the world.
If you had played chess a few times with your friends, would you even
consider entering a competition? Or playing against a Grand Master? What
about the mind game of emotional turmoil? Have you practiced the skill of
mindfulness to mend your mental fractures and trek onward toward your
goals? What about an argument with your spouse? Nobody wants to label
this situation as a “game,” but that’s what it is. Do you have the education,
techniques, and experience to find a common perspective, work through
your problems, and heal the relationship?
If your skill doesn’t match the challenge that the game presents, you’re in
for a bad time. If your skill is high and the challenge low, you will get
bored. If your skill is low and the challenge is high, you will get anxious.
When the challenge is just above your skill level, but you have absolute
confidence in your ability to execute, you tap into what is arguably the most
enjoyable point in the human experience (that is accessible without drugs,
herbs, or other external compounds, of course).
The boredom stems from self-centeredness. Your focus breaks, a new desire
pops into your head, and related thoughts start to fill your attention. If you
are bored at work, you will start thinking of more productive things you
could be doing.
The anxiety stems from self-consciousness. Your focus turns toward your
concept of self, and again, related thoughts start penetrating your field of
awareness.
“Wow, I’m not as good as I thought.”
“I really need to work on my backswing.”
“That girl is way out of my league.”
Notice the use of “I” and “my” that implies a comparison. This comparison
leads to entropy: the mind tending toward disorder unless you focus yourmind on the frame, system, or game that forms the structure of the situation.
Ordered information must be processed by the conscious mind for energy to
flow.
This pattern gives us incredible insight. By understanding the delicate
balance of challenge and skill, we can turn a mundane and stressful
situation into one of meaning and mastery.
As a teenager, I despised sports. Anytime my friends or family would invite
me to watch, I would have a little chuckle in my head. Sports? Why would I
waste my time watching other people compete? Why wouldn’t you just go
and compete yourself?
When I did watch a sports match, my mind would turn to immediate
boredom. I didn’t understand the depth and skill that went into playing the
sport at such a high level, so my focus was not engaged with the players on
the screen. I did not have a predictive game in my head that I was playing
like everyone else. My attention gravitated toward the thought of doing
something worth my time.
As another example, if your spouse likes shopping for vintage items and
antiques, assuming that you don’t, you won’t have an enjoyable time
shopping with them. Your spouse is in flow checking prices, details of the
item, and asking questions about its origin.
Your potential for boredom is high unless you create a frame to engage your
attention with specific information that the situation presents. If you don’t
have the time to study the art of antique hunting, you can create a game that
you are skilled enough to play. Like finding the smallest, oldest, or most
interesting item.
As a practice, we need to understand the distinction between content and
structure. Most people flood their consciousness with the content of a game
without a big-picture understanding of the structure. This allows other ideas
from your perspective to fill in the blanks in a chaotic manner. In a
metaphorical sense, pure content is like water flowing from a faucet.
Structure is a solid cup to hold the water. In between is like trying to bindwater in a paper envelope which, as you can imagine, will only lead to
frustration.
The game is the structure that is reinforced with rules, mechanics, and other
nuances that create a mental house that we can navigate with ease. If you
don’t zoom out to observe, learn, and understand the structure, you will
drown in the technical details of each situation.
The traffic system is the structure of the transportation game. I wouldn’t
recommend treating it as a competitive match, of course. But there is a
starting point, an end goal of arriving at your destination, and laws that you
must abide by to arrive there safely that order the content of your
consciousness.
If you were to hop into your parents’ car as a fifteen year old to “take it for
a spin,” the challenge would outweigh your skill in a manner that doesn’t
engage your attention. Your mind would be flooded with thoughts of a
stressful future, where you are punished for your immature actions.
As you are driving, you wouldn’t know where to stop, how to stop, how to
maintain speed, how to maneuver the car in a roundabout, what to do if you
arrive at the same time as another at a 4-way stop, and so on. Most of those
reading this book can drive like they walk. It is a skill they have developed
over time with a set societal system so that everyone can operate in a
mutually beneficial manner. We often don’t stop to think how many micro
decisions we make while driving. The system is so efficient that it requires
little mental energy to get to your destination.
This concept is best understood through practice. Take a moment and think
about the game-like structure of culture, society, corporate jobs, and other
aspects of reality that were conditioned into your mind as a child.
In future chapters, I’ll walk you through the process of creating your own
games. Like building a creative income source, actualizing your ideal
future, and handling negative or mundane situations through the art of
focus. Note that I may not explicitly label these as “games.” I would
encourage you to make that connection for yourself.If you remember anything, remember this. You need a challenging end goal
that you want to achieve, clarity on how to get there, and a simplified first
step to reduce the friction of getting started.
The push-pull nature of increasing your skill to match the challenge of a
situation makes sense. But there are developmental stages in any game you
choose to play. Beginner, intermediate, advanced, and more, depending on
the game.
This is the path of mastery. As you push toward your ideal future, you will
be forced to upskill to match the challenge that any hierarchy of goals
presents. Be wary of those that put a clear path in front of you. In a world
where the masses flock toward the promise of a certain future, a wise
decision is to embrace the uncertain nature of life itself and create your own
certainty through focus.THE LENS
Everyone is playing their own game, both macro and micro. Everyone is at
different levels of the games. Everyone has their own unique skills, traits,
and specialties. Everyone is a part of their own faction, guild, and group of
confidants.
Everyone has taken a unique path to where they are now and will have a
unique path to where they are going. Your ability to mold your mind to
understand the goals that others are pursuing from their individual skill
level will make you less reactionary (it will also make you more money).
This practice alone is responsible for much of the peace in my life.
Everyone may seem wrong, but when you take their conscious or
unconscious goals into account, they are right.
You can’t control the details of every situation, but you can control the
vantage point from where you interpret those details. Then, you can filter
the insignificant noise that does not serve you. All that’s left is a signal of
importance that pushes you toward action.
Like a film set. A scene is composed of the camera angle, focal length,
lighting, props, quality of equipment, actors, and script that determines how
the scene manifests. If you are an actor, it is easy to get absorbed in the
details of the scene. You may forget that you were even filming a movie. Ifyou are the director, you understand that everything that goes into the scene
serves a purpose for creating that reality.
Every aspect of that situation is crafted in a way that makes the scene
interesting to the person watching the film. One that both the director and
viewer can get immersed in. So much so that they forget about their
worries. In the real world, we do not see ourselves as the director of our
own film, and we especially don’t see others as the director of their own.
So, we compartmentalize reality and see what we want to see. We love what
serves our fabricated identity and hate what we don’t understand. When
someone makes an upsetting remark, you snapshot that individual, thought,
or emotion as “bad” in your mind based on your conditioned and relative
perception of what “bad” is. In fact, that upsetting remark could have been
the catalyst to you taking control of your life. It may have held truth that
you didn’t want to face. You must realize that your inability to see this
never-ending movie for what it is makes you reactionary. And that is
usually not in your best interest.
The tragedy of human nature is that we consider a situational snapshot as an
explanation for the entirety of a person’s being, ourselves included. In
reality, one situation that you perceived as negative, meaning it is only
negative to you, comprises such a small percentage of someone’s life that it
wouldn’t be worth writing out here, because the moment has passed. We see
less than a 0.001% of someone’s life and yet we think we understand the
complexity of their mind, being, and self.
Humans make sense of the world by telling themselves a story. Even if we
see it as someone else’s story, we interpret it as a part of our own, as that is
the only way we can make sense of it. Since we will never have access to
another person’s state of mind, we take what we see and make sense of it
based on our past experiences, future goals of varying consciousness, and
our interpretation of the situational game we are playing. This is a recipe for
suffering.ARSENAL OF LENSES
You are a perspective vessel in a subjective reality. You have the ability to
shift that perspective beyond a narrow identity to view situations from a
higher, more holistic perspective that encapsulates the background,
foreground, and detail of the situation.
Your concept of self, at this moment in time, is forged by the ideologies,
dogma, and forms of the outer world that you identify with as static. This
limits the potential experience available to you. Nobody can escape this,
and the moment you think you can is the moment you become trapped in
the pursuit of spiritual materialism. Thinking of yourself as higher, more
noble, or less egoic is still a status game that the ego loves to play.
For understanding, let’s think of perspective as a DSLR camera, one of
those big fancy ones that photographers use. The body of the camera has its
limits due to how it’s programmed. You can attach different lenses to the
camera to capture a situation in a way that influences how the image is
perceived based on your intention with the shot.
As you trek through life, you capture photographs and develop them
through your level of mind, accompanying emotional state, and degree of
focus. This is how you interpret any situation you are in, and that
interpretation is confined by the structure you operate within.
Let’s think of the field of view, frame, or perspective of the lens as your
field of awareness. When you hone in and fixate your focus on one thing,
the background blurs. This also impacts how you interpret a situation.
So, if your camera is positioned on top of the world, but your lens allows
you to focus on a skyscraper, the entirety of the world will look like a big
blob of blues and greens while the skyscraper is crisp and clear. This is an
illustrative description of how you “zoom out” to gather truths, patterns,
and creative resources and “zoom in” to apply them in your practical life.We can consider what is “clear” to be conscious and what is “blurred” to be
subconscious or unconscious. This can work for or against you. If you hold
the perspective of your future self in your mind and focus tightly on a task
that will create your vision, distractions won’t register in your field of
awareness. This is what we want. Clear and unbroken focus on what is
important to us. At least until a new importance is discovered as the last one
inevitably fades.
But if you limit your perspective to your concept of self and focus on a
problem, like a negative emotion within that perspective, your field of
awareness does not have the possibility of seeing the situation for what it is.
This is the default state for most people. They spot and interpret problems
from a narrow perspective and often the least conducive one to a better
future.
To prepare ourselves to make better decisions in alignment with our goals,
we must collect consciousness so we can mold our mind in a way that
reduces the friction to act.
You collect consciousness by studying multiple perspectives with the goal
of holistic understanding. If you are an atheist, and have not experienced a
Christians perspective, how are you going to align yourself with the highest
truth? Both perspectives that are heavily influenced by culture and
experience hold half-truths, and when you experience both, you inch your
way toward deeper understanding.
Rather than becoming attached to a specific way of doing things, see it for
what it is, a perspective in a subjective reality. When you study different
perspectives, you are collecting lenses for your camera. You expand your
mind beyond one limiting worldview. Spirituality, atheism, Christianity,
veganism, fruitarianism, freelancing, and small business ownership are all
lenses for modeling meaning, nutrition, and business from an angle that
highlights specific tactics that help individuals with specific goals. The
perspectival background of principles can be useful to anybody, but the
foreground of tactics requires a self that fits into the puzzle. Your brain is a
pattern-recognition machine, and when you study with a mind open beyondthe surface, you allow truth to blur in the middle and develop a self that is
less reactive to the external world.
If you start a business to solve your money problems, start training to
improve your health, or study social dynamics to help with your dating
success, study the big picture. Understand the overarching principles,
without getting attached to individualized tactics, and let experience reveal
your own way.
With time, and as you collect an arsenal of lenses, you become conscious of
patterns that are packaged up in an enticing way with a specific label
slapped on them. These patterns often represent the fundamentals,
principles, and levers that contribute to progress on the Universal scale.
MAKING BETTER DECISIONS
You, at this very moment in time, are a manifestation of your past mental,
physical, financial, and spiritual choices. Who you want to become is a
manifestation of the choices you make at this moment, and the next, until it
all comes to an end. Not in the sense of physical death, but until your ideas
stop rippling through the Universe that houses the selves created by said
ideas.
The importance of decisive accuracy cannot be stressed enough. But most
people can’t get themselves to act on anything without immediate benefit.
Their mind is narrow, but not open to the future.
The average individual will not register potential opportunities because
their field of awareness does not register it as important. They do not have a
meaningful hierarchy of goals to position their perspective as a lens to view
daily situations from. They may spot one, like a business opportunity with
shallow promises, because it would tickle their fancy for status, but their
mind quickly distracts itself back to a state of cyclical, immediate, and
destructive pleasure.Life is a mind game, and if you don’t have the skill, you won’t be able to
continue playing. Your quality of life is dependent on the quality of games
you choose to play, because those demand a specific quality of mind to play
them. Beware that this path is a beautifully painful one. A certain level of
mind breeds a certain level of loneliness. With every level of mind there are
less people occupying that state. But when you find them, the connection
you have is one that lasts a lifetime.
The mind game houses infinite mind games. Each game has a string of
goals. Each goal presents an increasingly difficult challenge that demands
an increase in mental skill. All skills are of the mind, and mental mastery is
how you fight back in a world that wants to steal your attention, manipulate
your thoughts, and make you feel helpless.
The problem is this: people get trapped in a specific mind game, fail to
understand the situation, and don’t practice the skill that will take them to
the next level. A gradual increase in awareness through silent observation,
contemplation, and questioning leads to deep understanding. If we want to
see your problems for what they are, you must learn the art of zooming out.
Unless you are a mechanic or have a passion for it, you don’t need to know
the technical details of a car to understand its implications on your life and
the world. Instead, you understand a car’s role in the world, learn through
study and experience, and practice the skill of driving with an accepted
system that orders individual and collective minds.
The same does not hold true for driving through life. Your mind is the
engine, and the more you deconstruct, study, and experiment with certain
aspects of it, you can drive with speed through the mental roads that
compose reality itself. You must develop a passion for the mind itself if you
want to get to the root of existence.
Understanding is infinite. It is how you raise your consciousness in an
upward fashion. Most teachers, gurus, or masters help you in a downward
fashion through tools like meditation. Which is necessary to increase thespace between your thoughts by quieting your mind. Both are necessary but
the former is often neglected.
Similar to a human’s depth of focus, understanding is another unique and
inherent aspect of our being. Knowing is not understanding. Knowing
implies a label, limit, or distinction that the mind creates. Understanding is
different. It is how you explore the interconnectedness of life through
observation.
I can understand a game from the top down by questioning not only its
source but its impact on the world. If you don’t zoom out to see the entirety
of its implications, you won’t be able to see if you are climbing the right
mountain.
To help illustrate this difference in human consciousness, we can observe
apes. Our furry predecessors do not plan or ask questions to the degree that
we do. A human, with time and practice, can throw a football and hit a
bullseye from fifty yards out. As can we create a vision for the future and
actualize that reality through conscious practice. An ape, on the other hand,
can fling feces, but it usually ends up straight on the ground in front of
them. I’m assuming that you don’t want to be feces flung at the ground,
which stresses the importance of going beyond yourself through your
creative ability, not regressing into your animalistic nature.
Human understanding, which has a direct correlation with quality of life,
comes down to asking quality questions. Apes don’t do this. They can learn
sign language and communicate in a half-baked manner, but to my
knowledge they don’t attempt to create new knowledge through
questioning. They don’t realize that other beings can know things they
don’t.
As a thought experiment, let’s look at a common ingredient like honey.
Simply asking, “Where was this honey made?” can lead me down a rabbit
hole of discovery. I can follow that line of questioning to the bees that made
it, the pollinated flowers, the beekeepers involved and their ethical
treatment of their bees, where the honey was distributed across the globe,what meals the honey is used for, the health benefits of raw and unfiltered
honey, the health detriments of processed honey, when bees emerged on the
evolutionary timeline, what their purpose is in more than just ecological
function, and how any of that information can help in the achievement of
my goals. Everything you see has an iceberg of understanding beneath the
surface. Observe and question.
You can try to apply this same practice to any negative thought, emotion, or
situation that you do not enjoy. Question it. Follow it to its source. Observe
how all the moving components in the system impact your life both right
now and onward into your ideal future.
Understanding your problems means to perceive them from the highest
level of mind available to you. From that expanded perspective, you can
begin to experiment, iterate, and create a long-term personal solution. For
now, attempt to adopt the perspective of your ideal self. Perceive situations
through their lens and embody their values through action. Who do you
want to become, what actions does that identity perform daily, and how can
you integrate that into your current lifestyle regardless of how long you
spend on those activities?
Problems are only problems if you interpret them that way. If you don’t feel
like getting out of bed, zoom out and realize how measly your problem is
from a higher perspective.
With time, you can seek to zoom out further and embody the perspective of
the Universe. What behavior is your problem influencing and how does it
impact the world as would a jar of honey? Can you make sense of and find
relief in the fact that your situation matches the ebb and flow of the
Universe? Are you a slave to the fabricated expectations of reality? Or can
you zoom out and see life for what it is? The actions you take, or lack
thereof, have a widespread impact on your future that can’t be seen through
the lens of your problem. Problems that prevent positive choices can only
be solved by the emergence of a new perception that stems from a higher
level of mind.When mental battles are at your doorstep, don’t fight with it, flow with it.
Pause, zoom out, observe, and when you gain clarity through the intangible
resources you’ve acquired, dive back in and execute with focused effort.
125 BILLION BITS
The conscious mind can process fifty bits of information per second. If you
live until the ripe age of eighty years old, you can process around 125
billion bits of information in your lifetime. This information is processed
through focus, which expends mental energy and results in a varying quality
of experience.
A large chunk of that information will be processed by necessities like
grooming, cooking, and running errands. The rest will be processed by
work, rest, play, and the distractions that pull you away from giving your
full attention to meaningful living.
Imagine your life potential as the 125 billion bits of information you can
process. If your focus isn’t strategic and you become a victim of modern
mental enslavement, your potential is already decided. Your attention will
be manhandled, your sense of self will be an unconscious monstrosity, and
you will end up an average clone without your knowing. Nobody wants to
wake up wondering where the time – or information – went.
The unconscious mind can process eleven million bits of information per
second. This is incredible and shines a light on the fact that most of what
we think, say, and do is not an absolutely conscious decision.
As we improve our mental skill that is built by our physical, spiritual, and
financial development, life becomes more enjoyable with time and practice.
Learning how to walk is a skill. It’s as difficult, if not more difficult, than
learning how to build a cash-cow software business. But once that skill is
acquired, you can expend a fraction of the mental energy and stack
complimentary skills through focus until you create a powerful character.As we learn and become more comfortable with any aspect of reality, that
information is stored and used by the unconscious mind. Do you have to
think about walking, or do you just walk? Do you know how you are doing
it, or do you just do it? I’m not asking for a scientific breakdown of
knowledge, proof, and labels that came into existence after our ability to
walk. I’m assuming you don’t hold every muscle fiber and biomechanical
formula in your mind while strolling down the street. In fact, walking is
close to nothing compared to the unconscious Universal processes
unfolding all around you.
The default state of consciousness is chaos. You have experienced this
before. Unless your mind is engaged with a thought, task, or stimulus, it
will wander off in a negative direction, anxiety, or boredom. When we
allow randomness into our lives, negativity increases in potential.
When you set the goal of achieving “good financial health,” as a mediocre
example, the thought ends there. And if we don’t maintain our focus on that
outcome with a plan, perspective, and distraction mitigation, negative
thoughts flood our mind that influence our ability to act.
The thought of making a lot of money is great, but since you have not
achieved it, that is the only positive outcome unless reinforced with
evolving reasoning as to why you want to achieve it. On the flip side, your
mind can wander to the bills you need to pay, the school loans you forgot
about, a potential tax audit, paying your friend back, the rising gas prices,
the cost of energizing food, and each of those can splinter your focus
infinitely with the negative thoughts associated with each.
Nobody can make up their minds on the best mental, physical, or financial
plan because it has become increasingly difficult to order our minds on a
meaningful hierarchy of goals. The modern information landscape will
throw you into a chaotic loop of overwhelm if you lack the ability to focus.
The only option is to forge your own path. You must set a conscious goal,
create clarity through self-education and experimentation, and abide by the
principle of progressive overload: to increase the challenge, practice untilyour skill is up to par, and repeat the process as life lessons compound into
a personal philosophy that can be shared to advance the collective mind.
The average individual yearns to break free of what used to bring order to
their mind, like working a job, because the challenge has stopped
increasing. They’ve been doing the same old thing for too long. Their mind
races toward anxiety at the thought of future work, and while we are there,
we think of something better we could be doing.
We look forward to the weekend and, come midday on a Sunday, we find
ourselves with “nothing to do,” gravitate toward boredom and seek to fill
our time with whatever entity, often negative, that pops into our heads. As
the day goes on and worldly responsibilities close in, the anxiety starts to
creep in.
The solution to this endless negative oscillation is education, clarity, and
action. This book, up until now, has been for education and awareness. For
clarity, we need a firm understanding that we can only have full control
over one thing: our focus. The order we create in consciousness.
Through focus, we can control what goes into our mind, how we interpret
that information, and what we produce with it. If we want to create and
maintain an enjoyable order in our lives, we need a progression of engaging
external stimulation to dedicate our focus to.
We clearly want to fill the 125 billion bits of our finite focus, or potential,
with the information that will make life most enjoyable. But it takes time to
dig yourself out of the programmed hole you find yourself in around fifteen
years old; most realize this even later.
When you combine necessities like grooming, cooking, and errands with
fifteen years of unconscious buildup, our potential decreases even further.
You no longer have a full 125 billion bits to fulfill, but don’t let this split
your focus into a state of anxiety. While this is an urgent matter for those
that know they are meant for more, you cannot change where you are; you
can only change the perspective you hold that will lead to beneficial action.Reflect on your past. Has there ever been a point where you learn
something new, become obsessed with it, and feel like you are on top of the
world? A new diet can bring you physical energy, but we tend to neglect
that most of that sudden boost is the result of clarity.
When we follow a routine without waver, stick to a new meal plan, or
discover a new passion, we feel good. This presents a potential trap. Many
people attribute the good feeling to the ideology, method, or tactic that
brought it into their life. Those that realize the source of enjoyment is
clarity will be able to experiment with methods in an open state of mind.
From there, they can create their own method so that when the other
inevitably fails them, they aren’t boxed into a state of mental turmoil.
The quality of your human experience is most influenced by the structure of
the information you process. When you create a meaningful hierarchy of
goals, acquire the skill necessary to achieve those goals, and act from the
perspective of your highest self, life becomes enjoyable. This is in your
control but is not immediate.
When the external is aligned with the internal, and focus is tight, the
unconscious powerhouse of a mind sends resources to fuel your present-
moment actions. Being and doing collapse into one. I’m convinced that
most people have experienced this wonderful state of consciousness but
have no clue how to replicate or sustain it. A beautiful harmony of progress
being made without a worry in the world.
As we push back against entropy, our focus must evolve as we do. We must
structure the game we wish to play, learn how to play, win, and create the
next one. Because if you continue playing the same game, it will either
become boring, or you will be caught up in one that you may not care to
play. And if you choose to play a game that you are not skilled enough for,
you will either get anxious, or you will find an excuse to quit altogether.
Infinite games are that of the mind. The path of mastery in your endeavors.
One can begin physical training, but if they don’t evolve beyond the
superficial pursuit of looks, the game will collapse and life will lose
meaning. Enjoyment is found in the small improvements made in alldomains of life. And improvements are infinite if you continue to expand
who you are.
THE PATH OF MASTERY
The closed-minded quick-fix attitude toward life is the greatest trap of our
times, and it runs much deeper than the average person believes. Which is
ironic, because the reason they think they aren’t a victim of closed-
mindedness is closed-mindedness in itself.
Closed-mindedness encapsulates a host of other problems like distraction,
reactivity, surface-level living, falling for get-rich-quick schemes, lack of
commitment in business and relationships, and the inability to discover and
pursue one’s purpose.
The biggest culprit of this problem is your inability to increase your level of
mind beyond your programmed perspective. You become a victim to the
web of expectations, concepts, and beliefs that circulate from situation to
situation.
Your perspective houses your beliefs, thoughts, and experiences that you
hold unconsciously as absolute truth in a subjective reality. When these
become static, they are limits on what you perceive as possible in life itself
or individual situations. Unless you can expand your mind beyond them,
you are doomed to a life of the limits you imposed on yourself through
unconscious acceptance.
You can observe this in your everyday life to become aware of your own
mindless actions. When political elections roll around, each party will
defend their stance as the best, because that’s what they were told, and they
failed to question. The same happens with entrepreneurs and ideologues
defending their business model or belief system as the best.
Missing the point, essence, or message of any situation is the next culprit.
People read the bible from a literal – as opposed to metaphorical – point ofview and end up identifying as atheists. People also interpret God as a
literal man in the sky instead of a symbol for an experience or phenomenon.
This misinterpretation applies to everything, not just spiritual belief
systems. People close their minds at the literal interpretation of words so
they can win the unconscious status game they are playing. They don’t care
to follow the words to the essence of reality that words are meant to guide
awareness to. I don’t blame them, of course, but there is an entire world of
meaning that lies beyond literal interpretations that change from culture to
culture and generation to generation.
People will hear the words from someone’s mouth, which illustrates a
microscopic fraction of who they truly are, then go on to plug those words
into the story playing in their head. When this piece doesn’t fit in their
puzzle, they get offended, reactive, and negative because they lack
understanding. This isn’t a fulfilling way to live.
The difference between the quick-fix path and the path of mastery is that of
climaxes. The pleasure seeker falls into a pit of endless climaxes that
creates the largest-scale addiction known to modern man. The master leans
into the Universal story, embraces struggle, and basks in the climax to come
(but does not attempt to maintain that high).
You can observe the pleasure seeker’s nature in media and advertising. In a
beer advertisement, you see somebody at work for what seems to be 5
minutes before the scene cuts to them slouched on the couch, beer in hand,
drinking the night away to escape the stress of tomorrow’s workday. The
path of mastery is a cyclical process of increasing our skill as we take on
more difficult challenges, so we don’t default to a state of anxiety or
boredom. This process is most difficult at the start but becomes easier and
more pleasurable with time.
When you start your journey of education, skill acquisition, and goal
achievement, you will encounter a series of plateaus. At the start, these will
be short and rewarding. You will see quick progress. As you endure, the
plateaus get longer and longer. You are met with 2 options: quit and pursue
a new climax or learn to fall in love with the process.To fall in love with the process, you must refocus your mind on the depth
and detail of the present moment. Like how a writer senses the smell of
fresh coffee on a gloomy morning before typing the first letter of an
unknown written journey. Or how a chef finds appreciation in the flow of
water across their hands as they prepare a fine cut of regenerative grass-fed
steak. The path of mastery is a goalless journey that is directed by self-
generated goals. A paradox that teaches you that goals help with order and
direction, but that ritual, presence, and clarity bring ultimate satisfaction. It
takes certain complexity of mind forged through struggle to expend mental
energy beyond the surface-level challenges of a chosen endeavor.
A notable aspect of this process is the perception threshold. Any challenge,
lifelong or local, is not perceived as difficult at the start. Maybe the act of
starting is, and that is a challenge in itself, but actually starting any activity
is usually the easiest part. As we continue on, the perceived difficulty
increases, and thoughts begin to flood our head. Where most people quit is
where greatness is born.
When we reach the point of immense difficulty, our mind gravitates toward
expectations of how things should be, not what they are. If you persist
through the mental discomfort, you will be forced to expand your mind to
see reality for what it is. You cannot solve a problem from the same level of
mind that created it. At this point, life offers a lesson to your problems, and
you break through the perception threshold.
A perception, or how you interpret a situation, is a unit of mind. There are
infinite ways to perceive a difficult situation. After each struggle, a new
perspective emerges that allows you to perceive that situation in a more
conducive manner. With time, and as you expose yourself to more
experience, your perspective integrates aspects of the human experience
and menial problems lose their impact on your well-being. When you stick
out the difficulty of a situation and break through the resistance, you see a
leap in mental skill that can take on higher challenges.
Some know this as the “runners high,” where one overcomes a mental
battle, their mind quiets, and even when it is an extremely difficultsituation, one can stick it out without complaint. This is normal to someone
who enjoys running. The activity in itself is enjoyable because of the self-
discovered philosophy that has shaped their worldview with time. This is a
pattern found in the pursuit of any long-term or short-term goal. This lesson
is best learned through experience, and now that you have the awareness of
this phenomenon, I would encourage you to persist through the next
challenge that makes you want to quit any meaningful pursuit.
Thanks to our default state of chaos and our inability to assume a difficult
path between where we are and where we want to be, we procrastinate on
our dreams and resort to a state of mental discomfort, which we often
perceive as comfortable, because that’s all we know.
Let’s use starting a business as an example. After all, it’s the next evolution
for those that inevitably hit a challenge ceiling while working for someone
else (and that ceiling comes quick). If I told you to work for free for fifty
people and expect nothing in return, you would think I’m crazy. Or maybe
you would try it for a bit, realize its difficulty, and come to the same
conclusion of my delusional mental state. Then, due to a reinforced closed
mind, you will go on searching for new tactics that promise faster results
just to repeat the process while standing still for years on years.
If you can’t see yourself doing something every day, why are you doing it?
If you say you want to do this work for 5 to 10 years, why does it matter if
you don’t get paid for the first 6 months? When you expand your time
horizon and question what you want, you’ll realize what the quick-fix
behavior is really worth: close to zero.
This applies to every aspect of life, not just business. You didn’t need a
quick fix for learning to walk, speak, and brew your favorite coffee. You
adopted them as a part of your everyday behavior after a grueling difficulty
in acquiring the skill. The only difference between your goals then and now
are the illusory mental barriers that prevent you from facing reality.THE FORMULA
You can do nothing with your life, nobody is going to stop you, but you
won’t escape survival.
By doing nothing, the default outcome of your life will be mindlessness,
chaos, and destruction. This is no exaggeration. You have the choice to go
beyond yourself through spirit or regress into the animalistic senses you
transcended and were meant to include, not become a slave to. Human
behavior boils down to problem-solving in alignment with a goal, whether
it be conscious or unconscious, meaningful or meaningless, or the decision
between creation and destruction.
When you aren’t able to pay your bills, that’s a problem. Most people will
adopt a survival goal of getting a job that can fix their money problems.
When they get that job, they may remain unconscious as to how they fit into
the machine that the company is. They lack a big-picture understanding of
the company’s impact. Some people may go on to work as a simple
secretary for the military industrial complex, yet they are associated with
the bombing of civilians halfway around the world.
If one were to become truly conscious of the impact of that company, they
would be forced to create a new goal to solve a more meaningful problem
that starts with their personal life. They wouldn’t be able to do this in aninstant, of course, but they would see the potential of positive universal
impact if they began to set goals and contemplate their vision.
Since their money problems have been temporarily solved thanks to the job,
the stress that accompanies survival lowers to a manageable level. From
that higher state of mind, they can set a goal to build a creative income
source that serves a higher purpose.
The unfortunate reality is that most people will not become aware of how
their actions ripple across the globe. Not only in their line of work, but in
every single goal they pursue that influences every single one of their
actions. But the few that do, hopefully with the help of this book, are the
future leaders that have first dibs at the good life.
Don’t fall into the trap of conscious nobility. Like someone who just
learned about the concept of spirituality and uses it as a moral high ground.
If you are deep in an unconscious way of life, it is impossible to switch
exclusively to nondestructive actions. Everyone has a shadow, and the most
successful individuals use what could be unethical skills as an ethical way
to integrate their dark tendencies. And those that don’t often manipulate
others without knowing it.
You will have to manipulate, cheat, and contribute to evil. Nobody wants to
admit that, and that’s what chains them to it. Evil exists and is a necessary
balance that allows good to exist. We all make mistakes, and it is foolish to
think that those mistakes shouldn’t be a part of your life. A majority of the
population hides behind an unconscious moral high ground that contributes
to more evil than the conscious individual that attempts to integrate,
transmute, and harness their dark energy.
When you encounter a problem, you have a choice. For most, this choice is
automatic and made in a way that best serves the unconscious manipulation
of others that was conditioned into their psyche. Personal responsibility is
understanding that you have the power to choose regardless of how you
feel, and you must take it. Your future does not have to be the outcome of
your past.We need to create conscious goals for the problems in our lives. These goals
act as a decision filter for making the best decision in that situation. When
you inevitably make a mistake, and a new problem reveals itself, that too
must be filtered and corrected with time.
A game is a system that requires individual choice. If we create, maintain,
and invest mental energy into the games that will actualize our ideal future,
we meet meaning and fulfillment.
ANTI-VISION
If I start to visualize my father’s eventual death, I get teary-eyed. A ball of
energy radiates in my chest. Emotional energy. A powerful build-up of
tension ready to be directed and released toward a goal. There isn’t a
specific story, aside from the thousands of experiences I hold with my
parents, that accompanies this. Anyone can dig into the experiences of their
past, generate a potent energy source within them, and focus that energy
though action toward an intrinsic hierarchy of goals. This is the secret of the
disciplined and successful. Self-discipline is when the desire to become the
highest version of yourself outweighs the desire for cheap pleasures.
When I am stuck, I’ll go on a walk. On that walk, I allow thoughts to trigger
thoughts, which I will attempt to deconstruct into their smaller parts. When
a thought catches my attention more than the next, I will sit with it, question
it, and imagine the extreme situations that could arise from that thought,
both negative and positive.
When a thought of my father pops into my head I ask, “Have I called him
enough? He’s getting older, Dan, you know that. Have you spent enough
time with him? Would he be proud of what you’ve accomplished? Or does
this all even matter? What about Mom? Would she appreciate a
spontaneous trip to her favorite spot? Do I have the time for that? Why is
this all about time? Is my work taking away or adding to what I can give
back to the parents that spent eighteen years of their lives raising me? I
should call them.”From that paragraph, I gain a mixture of anger, sadness, ambition, and love
circulating from my belly to chest to head. It feels terribly good, and boy
am I ready to take on any challenge that gets in the way of the best future I
can create for myself, loved ones, and those that come in contact with me.
You’ve experienced this same phenomenon. Think back to the last
enjoyable vacation you went on. How did the sun feel on your skin? Did the
trees, beaches, or mountains leave you in awe? And the place you stayed
the night, did it give you inspiration for your future home?
When you were a child, what was something that you absolutely hated?
That thing you felt forced to do. That thing you never want to do again. Pull
the feelings associated with that experience into the now.
If you want to get ahead of the majority of the population, here’s a good
exercise. Keep a notebook or journal handy. You’ll be encouraged to use it
throughout the rest of this book.
First, become brutally aware of 2 things: (1) What you don’t want. (2)
Where you will end up if you keep doing what you’ve been doing. Observe
the masses and see where mindless action leads. It’s not pretty.
When I reflect on my past, this alone brought clarity to my future. Like
collecting the puzzle pieces that I didn’t see when the situation first passed.
I love my parents, and they taught me incredible lessons, but nobody is
perfect. Throughout my childhood, schooling, and religious indoctrination,
I made mental note of the future I did not want to live.
It’s easier to know what you don’t want – from experience – than it is to
know what you want – from imagination. But realize that imagination holds
a lot of power. You need experience to fuel imagination. And when the 2
are combined, you create a frame that is impossible to distract your focus.
Create an anti-vision for your future. Write out every single thing you don’t
want, why you don’t want it, and how you are going to avoid it. Throughout
this process, you won’t get immediate answers. Being conscious of yourmistakes will serve as your light in the dark. It may take weeks, months, or
years to get answers to your burning internal questions. This is natural.
How do we understand what we don’t want? Through a series of questions.
I cannot create or answer these for you. Let these serve as a starting point.
A spark to the fire. A thought that triggers further reflection. What does an
unfulfilling day look like to you? What kind of person would you avoid as a
significant other? How do you not want to look, feel, and act? How much
money is too little to sustain your lifestyle? Why is it too little? What won’t
you be able to do with that money? What environment would you hate
living in? Why?
Get meticulous here. Spend some time with your thoughts. If questions
keep coming up, don’t stop. And when you feel thoroughly uncomfortable,
transmute that negative energy toward the opposite. Flip to a new page,
refer back to the questions above, and write out what you think you want in
your future. From your anti-vision, create a vision in which you can dance
between the 2 to make better decisions daily.
The highest-paid individuals are the visionaries, strategists, and creative
problem solvers of the world. Your vision is greater than yourself. It gives
you a soft direction to focus the goals and actions that stem from it. Your
vision should be big, not limited by belief, and emotionally compelling
when you marinate your mind in the growing detail.
Your vision is your gift. Not a fancy machines on wheels, vacations, or the
amount of money made from that vision. When you are walking down a
busy street, it will show in your strut. When you are alone with yourself,
you will feel at ease. When you are in the market for a potential partner,
they will sense your dedication.
A clear vision is an eternal source of energy when consistently refined
through self-reflection and conscious decision-making. Through the art of
focus, you can tap into this intrinsic motivation at any time. Come back to
your writing at least once a month to revise and remove limits on your
potential that you had not seen before.PURPOSE PATH PRIORITY
The foundation of human behavior is purpose-oriented problem solving,
and if you don’t find a purpose with meaningful problems to solve, you will
be assigned a purpose with mindless problems to solve. If you do not
choose meaning, you will be assigned the opposite, because life demands
movement even if you want to stand still and let it pass you by.
Purpose is elusive. New-age teachers seem to do a great job at telling
people to live with purpose but fail to explain it in a coherent fashion. A
purpose is a meaningful goal. From that goal stems a problem that you must
focus your attention on solving through education, action, and whatever
allows you to move toward the goal.
Your purpose is the most pressing problem in your life at this very moment.
The one that you have been putting off addressing. The one that you have
not contemplated to realize the havoc it wreaks on your potential by
preventing you from acting on a deeper purpose. Your life’s purpose is the
big problem you want to solve in the world, but most people don’t have the
personal, professional, or social development to pursue that. Purpose
evolves from superficial to metaphysical and you cannot skip steps. If you
attempt to skip steps, you may see progress, but you will be out of touch
with reality until you are forced to snap back and solve the low-level
problems preventing you from pushing further.
To open up room for curiosity, creativity, and consciousness, you must
master your survival. That is, you must create a hierarchy of goals, solve
the problems along the path, and prioritize where you focus your finite
mental energy. Realize that mastery is a process. We never escape survival,
but we create systems that are efficient enough to maintain a baseline level
of stress while staying vigilant of becoming overly robotic.
Before you go off to solve big problems in the world, you must solve the
big problems in your life. How else are you going to act with authenticity?
If you haven’t met your basic needs, like having enough money to live
stress free in that domain, you will always need something from someoneelse. And yes, unless you plan to live off the grid and fend for yourself,
money is a basic need in the current world. It is close to impossible to act
with authenticity when your actions are influenced by need of something
outside of yourself.
With time, you will realize that selfishness and selflessness are 2 polar ends.
They cannot be separated like oil and water. They are constantly mixing
according to the situation at hand. People have been conditioned to think
that selflessness in and of itself is the highest good. In reality, conscious
selfishness will always come full circle into selflessness. From the highest
perspective of the Universe, you and other are not separate. You are One.
And through self-actualization, you benefit the world more than the person
that gives, gives, gives out of the unconscious selfishness disguised as
absolute selflessness.
If you haven’t developed yourself in any capacity, your current purpose,
and the ones following, will increase in meaning as you solve your own
problems. Start with what’s right in front of you. Are you overweight and
sluggish? Do you hate your job? Are you dealing with relationship issues?
Is your mind a storm of negative thoughts and emotions? You must confront
what’s causing the most pain in your life, dance with that pain, and create a
plan to solve the problem. When you solve that problem, not only will you
build momentum into the next, but your other problems will become easier
to solve. This is not a linear process. Your problems are a tight-knit web
that bind you to your current situation. Problems don’t exist on their own.
Life is hierarchical, and there are 2 types of hierarchies. The first is a
dominator hierarchy. This is what gives the term a bad reputation.
Dominator hierarchies reflect in nature. The alpha ape is at the top of the
pyramid. He has his pick of women, food, and other resources.
The wisdom of nature reflects in mental constructs like society, most
prevalent in corporate jobs. There are fewer people with more power at the
top, and fewer people with more power at the bottom. You can try to climb
the ranks with your conditioned beliefs of “hard work” and doing what
you’re told, but the probability of reaching the top is miniscule. You mustdevelop and earn with the creative ability of your mind. That is how you
create your own hierarchy, or game, within the system itself.
The common trait of dominator hierarchies is that they are not natural. They
are characterized by a pathological unit of that hierarchy attempting to
dominate the rest. Like a cancer cell attempting to replicate within the body.
These hierarchies eventually self-destruct unless the pathological unit is
healed or reintegrated into the natural hierarchy.
The second type of hierarchy is a natural or actualization hierarchy. Best
illustrated through creative emergence that transcends and includes its parts
after a period of struggle, conflict, or pain. Like matter to plants to animals
to humans. Or an atom to molecule to cell to organism. Or word to sentence
to paragraph to book.
Natural hierarchies continue to push toward evolution through emergence
and inclusion. If the parts within the emergent whole are forgotten or
destroyed, the whole ceases to exist. We can think of this under the lens of
the fundamental hierarchy: physical to biological to mental to spiritual. If
we do not care for the ecology or environment that we evolved from, we are
literally committing suicide, as it is impossible for humans to exist without
the inclusion of biology beyond the vessel that we call our body. By
harming the biological or physical, we are harming ourselves. And by not
seeking to connect with the spiritual, something greater than ourselves, we
are preventing our personal to collective evolution.
Life is a process of self-reflection and problem-solving in a way that makes
survival meaningful by increasing your level of mind to solve better
problems. So, we must use our purpose to create an actualization hierarchy
from the top down. We must pursue a purpose while integrating the aspects
of our past – both positive and negative – that create the character we use to
navigate the subjective world. And if we don’t, or we attempt destroy that
part of our past, the ramifications can be deadly.
The path of mastery that will help you achieve your purpose is a series of
goals that create clarity, frame your attention, and repel distractions. If yourpurpose is to improve your body, create a big overarching goal that you can
tack on to your vision for the future. Get detailed, specific, and reasonable
as to how it will impact your life in more areas than health. How will that
one lifestyle puzzle piece ripple throughout your life, your family’s lives,
and the lives of your community, customers, and anyone that comes into
contact with you?
With the notebook you pulled out earlier, break this big goal, or purpose,
into a clear path to gain clarity on your priority actions. The more detailed
you are, the better. Spend time writing out yearly, monthly, weekly, and
daily goals that will actualize the accompanying purpose. Don’t get caught
in the technicalities of goal setting. Be specific, be actionable, be vain if
you want to. Your purpose will evolve as all things do, and when it does, set
aside time to repeat this clarity generation process.
Now that you’ve set a big, deconstructed goal for one domain of your life,
we want to set a few more to help bring clarity to your vision for the future.
Health, wealth, relationships, and happiness are the 4 domains that allow
you to master your survival. Create a big goal for each to bring added brush
strokes to the painting of your future. You don’t have to act on these
immediately, because that may overwhelm you, but they are useful for
broadening your perspective. From that perspective, you can challenge
yourself on the mental plane to open your mind in each situation to view
problems from the lens of your higher self. As you begin to go about your
days, hold your purpose and written path in your mind. When a choice must
be made, put effort into making the one that aligns with your vision. By
investing mental energy in your goals, you will begin to forge the system
that will carry you to success.
If this sounds too time consuming or difficult, I would ask you to question
the distraction attempting to penetrate your mind at this moment. Nothing is
more important than your potential. Not your phone, not the TV, not
anything that is begging to stimulate your brain’s reward system right now.
The purpose, path, and priority framework is Universally applicable to your
life, human behavior, and social dynamics like business, dating, andcommunication. In any situation, you either set or remind yourself of a
meaningful goal to broaden your own or find a shared perspective with
others. From that perspective, you can solve problems for profit, love,
communication, and other forms of conscious personal and mutual benefit.
We will discuss the application of this framework in business in later
chapters.
When a goal is made conscious, an intention is set, and you are able to
perceive that situation from the lens of that goal. Like how a healthy
individual is able to say “no” to a tempting dessert, because the survival of
their identity depends on that situation. The potential death of who they are
is more important than a 10-second indulgence in a treat.
When you pour mental energy into a meaningful goal, you feel obligated to
achieve it; otherwise, it is a wasted investment. In terms of finding passion
for your work, that comes after a specific amount of energy is invested into
your work. Progress is a better metric to focus on, as that is how anyone can
create enjoyment in the pursuit of a better life.
If your purpose is to write a book, you will perceive life situations through
that lens. You will interpret what you read, see, or hear in a way that allows
you to notice information that will aid in the survival or creation of the
book.
You can read any book, regardless of topic, through the lens of your current
purpose and receive insight that will aid you on the path. You will not be
interpreting the information as literal, because paragraphs, sentences, and
choice of words will be noticed over the educational material of the book
itself. If your goal is to learn the material from the book, then you will
survive that goal by reading through that lens.
In 2 years from now, you can return to that book, and it will hold an entirely
different meaning because your goals have changed. Perceiving situations
through the lens of a meaningful goal makes life meaningful. You can
attach different purpose-based perspectives to unveil the details of life that
would have normally gone unnoticed.With time, our goal is to acquire as much perspective as we can, broadening
ours to that of the Universe to realize that All is One. When accomplished,
the technical details of your life that cause you stress would wash away and
lose their impact. Instead, you would see them through an enlightened lens.
The rippled design of a summer leaf will bring a smile to your face. For
now, adopt the perspective of your ideal self. Set big goals for every domain
of your life, allow experience to culminate into potent vision, and perceive
daily situations through the lens of the meaningful goals that form the
foundation of your perspective.
We will discuss the process of clarity in future chapters, but this simplifies
the process fairly well: If you’re lost, the answer is education. If you’re
educated, the answer is execution. If you’re executing, the answer is
consistency. Even if it doesn’t seem like it, there’s always a next step
forward.
Your priority actions to actualize your goals are ones that get results. The
“lead domino,” if you will. The levers that pull you toward your desired
outcome regardless of the amount of time they take to perform. If you have
financial problems but can’t start a business due to having too many
responsibilities, then don’t start a business. Face reality and experiment
with a budgeting technique, increasing your professional development
through skill acquisition, and potentially searching for a new job. Once the
lead domino is knocked over and momentum is built, you can begin
working on your dream of starting a business.
This is how your life system is created, maintained, and improved. Systems
have a desired outcome, a process that results in that outcome, and inputs
that meet the demands of the process. As your purpose evolves, the layer of
systems that allow you to evolve become more complex. Meaning your
character becomes more complex. You acquire the skill necessary to take on
higher challenges.
If you lack clarity along the path, realize that obstacles don’t prevent clarity.
Creating a lesser goal that matches your current skill level can absolve all
doubt in your ability to act toward your future. When you feeloverwhelmed, lost, or anxious, it is usually because you are projecting too
far into the future. You don’t have the education, skill, or conscious
challenge to bridge the gap between you and it.
When faced with any decision, use your plan as a filter and adapt it as
necessary. Perceive every situation in a way that allows you to act in
alignment with your purpose. And if you can’t make a choice, the answer is
no, which often means doing nothing to let the fabricated problem blow
over.
THE EDGE OF THE KNOWN
Even if you choose to do nothing with your life, you will be forced to move.
You will adopt the goals of others through evolutionary imitation, play
status games to achieve them, and get trapped in a level of the social
hierarchy that leads to surface-level living.
Psychological time poses one of the greatest threats to the human
experience, because humans are the only ones that can experience it.
Psychological time is illustrated by our desire to live in the past or future in
a way that does not help us but harms us. Animals seem to live in the
eternal present moment. They may learn from the past for the sake of their
survival, but you would not see a dog stressing at night because they have
to go on a walk the next day. You will only see them stress when the source
of that stress is a part of the present.
We’ve discussed how we do not want to regress into our animalistic nature
and instead pursue something beyond our self, but that does not mean we
can’t learn from animals and integrate their useful parts. You can observe a
dog, child, or other being that doesn’t have years of mental programming
under their belt and pull some profound insights from their actions. Like
how a puppy is fascinated by fresh grass while we glance over it because
we already think we know what it is.As humans, we reminisce on a familiar past, something we have
experienced before, and allow thoughts of that point in time to flood our
mind. Those thoughts pull your past experience into the present. You feel
what it was like to be in that time. As you can visualize a positive potential
future that leads to a great feeling, you can do the same from a negative
past. As you repeat these thoughts, emotions, and experiences, this pattern
is conditioned into your mind and becomes automatic. Mental habits are
dangerous when executed without intention, purpose, or conscious thought.
By reminiscing on a negative past without transmutation of those feelings
toward a potential future, you remain as your past self. We live out the same
negative experiences over and over again. We literally don’t change. We
feel the same, do the same, and are the same day after day as our body ages
with the physical world.
The same thing happens when projecting into the predictable future based
on your past experiences. Again, you feel that experience in the present.
You think you know what has happened and what will happen and that
locks your mind in a world of its own creation. Your destiny is decided.
Most people wake up in the morning, project into a stressful future, and by
doing so they wake up as the past version of themselves. There is a habit of
thinking about the same old stressful task at work, saying “hello” to the
coworker you despise, and coming home to a spouse that is going to start an
argument. Rather than setting a new conscious goal to change the day’s
outcome, we psych ourselves into having yet another bad day.
The only way to break the surface-level living cycle and change who you
are is to become an explorer of the unknown. You must think new thoughts,
set new goals, learn new skills, have new ideas, and execute on those ideas
to build yourself out of the hole you were born and raised in. Your psyche
demands novelty for progress, but most people get theirs from the endless
sources of instant cheap pleasures. Exploring the unknown is how you live
in accordance with nature.Most people are a walking contradiction, but not in the way that makes one
interesting. They pursue the safe, certain, and secure route in life on
autopilot. Big aspirations but low risk tolerance. What they don’t realize is
that the default path presents the greatest risk of them all: staying the same
just like everyone else.
There is an extreme method for sparking change, but it is only for a select
few. I call it “tactical stress.” The conscious decision to put yourself in a do-
or-die situation, knowing that you have the skill to make it work, and will
accept nothing less than success.
Pull an all-nighter. Sign up for a marathon. Book a flight across the globe.
Move to a location that demands 3 times more than what you can afford, so
you are forced to make your business work. Ask the client for double your
normal rates. Do the thing that other people will think you are crazy for
doing, because that’s how you make leaps of meaningful progress. This is
how you create a glitch in the matrix and have reality deliver you a slew of
novel insight.
That is one option, and I do not recommend doing it often. It is a good way
to shock you out of the life you’ve grown too comfortable living. Beyond
that, we want to aim for slow, consistent progress that increases our surface
area for exponential growth.
I want you to picture a map in a video game. When you start playing, the
only thing you can see on the map is the location you are currently in. As
you follow the questline, new locations show on the map, but most of them
remain dark. The places you’ve traveled are the known, and the areas you
cannot see are the unknown. By following the storyline you are told, and by
never pursuing your curiosity, you imprison yourself to a life of ever-
decreasing meaning. There are areas to explore outside of the default
storyline you have been assigned. The good life is for those that take the
first, second, and third step beyond what they know.
Now, let’s think of the unknown as a big dark room. Your vision, albeit
unclear at first, will bring a dim light to the room that gets brighter as yougain experience. You are in one corner of the room and you can see your
purpose, a candlelight off in the distance. Your hierarchy of goals, or plan,
is a line of candles that increase in brightness from your purpose to you.
The closeness of the candle signifies the level of challenge you have the
skill to take on because you can see the surrounding area better than the
others. If the candle is bright and close, you will not get anxious, but if you
stay there for too long, you will get bored. Fulfillment is found at the edge
of the known. If we want to sustain fulfilling progress in our lives, we must
make tiny compounding improvements toward our vision.
Bodybuilding is a microcosm of life that serves as a perfect example. When
taking the first step to sign up for a gym, most people want to lift as much
weight as possible. But trained individuals understand it doesn’t work that
way. The smallest plates are the most conducive to progress. While the
occasional leap in progress can be made, it is wise to add the smallest
amount of difficulty to sustain growth over time. When you master a
weight, you increase by the smallest increment to not only keep things
interesting but prevent you from declining into a chaotic spiral of boredom
and pleasure seeking.
As you dig deeper into the unknown, people will look at you differently.
They will say, “You’ve changed,” and your only response should be, “Yes,
the tiny improvements are starting to add up.”
THE ICEBERG OF OPPORTUNITY
Awareness begets awareness and ideas beget ideas. If you want to become
aware of the potential for your future, you won’t find it in a mindless
lifestyle. Most people lack passion, drive, and general interest in life
because they haven’t been exposed to the idea that would change it all for
them. They aren’t aware that a better life exists.
We discussed how the map in a video game reveals locations based on the
ones you’ve visited. This metaphor helps illustrate the unknown but lacks
the true depth of what’s going on here.Let’s play a mind game. Imagine an iceberg. A small tip above water
holding one-hundred times its depth underneath. Imagine infinite icebergs,
side-by-side, across the X-axis spanning across the Earth. Now imagine
infinite icebergs covering the surface of Earth. Down into the core. Up into
the sky. Expanding lightyears across the universe in all directions known to
man. And this is only the tip of the iceberg that these icebergs reside in. The
process repeats. This is the fabric of reality. Infinite, unknown, and
connected units of mind calling to be explored.
Most people live a surface-level existence. A tree is a tree and its purpose in
serving the interconnected ecosystem remains unconscious. Your job is a
job and even if you hate it, the thought of a creative income is too uncertain
to entertain, and the job you were so excited to start loses its spark in less
than a week. They said what they said and if it doesn’t fit into your concrete
view of reality, you have a mental battle with yourself to justify why you
are right and they are absolutely wrong. This isn’t a way to live.
Curiosity is the spark that creates potential. The process of turning “what
if?” into “aha!” The shift that turns expectations into questions. Curiosity is
the trait that reveals itself when you tap into your authentic self, which is
nonexistent when dwelling in a state of unconscious conceptual survival.
Without this spark of curiosity, possibility and potential do not exist. A new
reality cannot be created. It should be considered a crime to deny your
potential. In some cases, it is. When you deny your curiosity through
numbing activities, it becomes second nature. You start to believe that you
“aren’t a curious person.” There is no such thing as an “uncurious” person.
Everyone has a spark that can be lit. But you must tend it, fuel it, and let the
fire grow in your belly.
Dopamine is the miracle chemical behind motivation. Both extrinsic and
intrinsic. We are searching for the intrinsic, the good and sustainable kind.
Extrinsic motivation isn’t bad. It is a useful tool, not a master. The feeling
of potentially making progress is what allows dopamine levels to increase.
It feels good. It makes you want more. It creates a cascade effect that, if you
ride it out, can result in a massive experience boost.Through the pursuit of curiosity, you fuel your mind with a potent source of
energy. A fuel that you have test driven before but had no idea as to how it
got in there. I am here to make you aware of this and give you the focal
areas to manipulate these chemicals at will.
Curiosity is the start. Creating the motivation necessary to bring the energy
of the future to you right now. This motivation will turn into drive, the
sustainable resource, as we dive deeper into the iceberg of our choosing. Of
course, you can’t pursue everything. You don’t want to live your life in the
potential future. That would just be mental masturbation. Instead, we want
to act in the present. Planting and cultivating seeds of awareness that will
birth our ideal future.
Everything is an iceberg of opportunity. The honey that we dissected in a
previous chapter. Your favorite article of clothing. The phone you hold in
your hand. The craft coffee, beer, or wine you love. The identity that your
friends, family, or spouse have forged. The can of diet soda, its branding,
the intention behind its design, how many people drink it, the
manufacturing process, the stores that sell it in more than just a can, how it
compares to other soda brands, the marketing campaigns that reproduce in
minds across the globe, how many fluid ounces are in the can with a certain
amount being water . . . don’t get me started on water. The point is that the
interconnectedness of the relative world creates depth and detail that can be
used to expand your consciousness through a curious mind.
There are 4 paths you can take to pursue your curiosity further. First, you
can appreciate it for what it is. Walk with a mind of gratitude for the facets
of the world we live in, be open-minded and awestruck by the depth of the
forms that compose your present-moment experience, and let others pursue
things without your negative projections, assumptions, and judgments.
Second, you can seek to understand it. When you feel the pull to go deeper,
don’t suppress it. Learning and understanding will always aid in the infinite,
interconnected fabric of reality. You can seek to understand many
situations, experiences, and units of mind, but your time is limited.Third, you can master it. Mastery and understanding go hand in hand.
When it comes to your life’s work, you must seek to understand multiple
areas of life, but only a few will stick with you enough to include them on
your path. If you become curious about technology, appreciate it,
understand it deeply, and fall in love with its depth, and attempt to master it
as a modality for your survival.
Fourth, you can monetize it. Anything is monetizable nowadays. Honey, the
cup you are holding, the emotions you encounter and how you overcome
them, the clothes you are wearing, anything. On the path of mastery,
monetization becomes a necessary aspect to sustain your love for what you
do. In fact, monetization and business strategies are a part of the depth your
craft has to offer. If you truly love what you do, you will truly love the
utility that skills like marketing, sales, and self-promotion provide in your
ability to pursue it for life.
Dive into the unknown by pursuing your vision-aligned hierarchy of goals.
Educate yourself to gain clarity, execute on the smallest priority task, and
keep an open mind to discover new potentials for your life. Seek to
appreciate every facet of reality you encounter. If you feel the pull to go
deeper, seek to understand. When passion is born in your pursuit, attempt to
master the craft. From there, know that business is the modern vessel for
living with purpose. It only makes sense to monetize what you master with
the vast resources available to you in this developed point in civilization.THE SHIFT
The beautiful thing about the internet is that you don’t need money, tools, a
degree, or a physical location to provide value anymore. You can learn,
teach, build, and sell with the technology everyone has in their hands. Some
countries don’t have the same technology, but they will soon enough as
Earth’s technological baseline continues to rise.
We are living through what seems to be a second Golden Age. The formal
education system is being challenged by independent educators, journalists,
experts, and artists that sought to remove the cap from their salary and
physical reach. The banking system is being challenged by decentralized
currency programmers. The government is being challenged by remote
work and the desire for multi-nation citizenship to pay less taxes.
The technological advancements that provide us with these new freedoms
come at a cost. There is an overwhelming number of options for a better
life, so much so that any given person is unaware of 95% of them, and the
other 5% still cause anxiety toward the future. Older generations are set in
their ways and don’t understand the options that the younger generations
have. Parents would rather their kids go to school and lock in a secure
$50,000 salary when the kids could just as easily make $100,000 or more in
less time online. The school system has been the symbol of security for a
little over a century, but its time may soon come to an end. Thanks, entropy.Humans are lazy (I mean “efficient,” apologies). We have created solutions
to make our lives easier for the entirety of our evolutionary timeline. At the
time of this writing, the problem on most people’s minds is the phasing out
of labor jobs and low-skill work due to artificial intelligence and
automation.
Fast food and grocery store workers are being threatened by automated
kiosks and robots that don’t cost the company an hourly wage – no matter
how small. Semi-truck drivers are being threatened by self-driving trucks
that can be controlled from a remote location anywhere in the world. Even
writers, artists, and programmers are being threatened by artificial
intelligence tools that can spit out words, masterpieces, and code at the
click of a button.
In times like these, it makes sense why everyone is losing their minds. Their
survival is at stake in more ways than physical, they don’t have the time to
learn about their potential options, and they are comfortable to the point
where even a few minutes out of their mundane routine is perceived as
“hard.”
In a world ruled by money, it may not make you happy, but there is a
baseline you must reach to sustain a fulfilling lifestyle. Money is the
lifeblood of society, and if you want to participate in any aspect of it,
money is now one of the most important basic needs in the world. You can
play the status game of “not needing to make a lot of money to be happy,”
but unless you reject the world to live off in the woods, you are fooling
yourself. Low-skill labor jobs are being phased out at an exponential rate,
and I can’t help thinking that this is exactly what the world needs.
One man’s labor cannot scale, but the creative ability of his mind can. You
have the opportunity to solve your own problems, help others solve their
own, and impact the world at scale while generating a creative income with
the power of the internet. Education, entertainment, and inspiration now
form the pillars of an emerging digital society. Purpose, profits, and peace
are no longer mutually exclusive.EMERGING EDUCATION
When I was a child, I felt alone. I was a rebel. I questioned almost
everything that I was told to do, whether it was having to go to church,
after-school sports, or college. I am grateful for my programming, because
it allowed me to get a leg up on my peers who listened and obeyed without
question.
Formal education has its place, but people are losing trust in its ability to
secure their future. And I would argue that they never had trust in its ability
to secure a fulfilling future. People inherently know that enjoyment in their
life is their choice, but nobody wants to face that reality, so they outsource
their future to schools and jobs.
It’s all too common for someone to spend 4–12 years and tens of thousands
of dollars just to be placed in low-paying jobs that require a fraction of what
they were taught in school. That is the ideal case. Most of the time, students
need to self-educate on the side to secure an income outside of what they
went to school for. The degree, at that point, serves as proof that you can do
something that you hate for years, so they happily hire you.
The education system has its benefits, as all things do, but for those that
want fulfilling work and an open schedule, a glorified piece of paper called
a “degree” isn’t going to get you there. In my eyes, the college experience is
worthwhile. Depending on the individual’s personality, they can form a
powerful network, land a great job, and build a future worth helping others
achieve. That’s the problem in itself: the college experience is dependent on
their personality. Their sense of self. The concept that the individual
attaches to that is forged by years of social conditioning. Colleges create
educational material that holds a high authority on the internet. Students
form their worldview from this information because it allowed them to do
well in college. Students grow up and create families with the same
worldview. Families create selves that go to college without question and
continue to fuel the outdated machine. The main reason people go to
college is because they haven’t questioned who they are, what they want,
and developed themselves to the point of self-reliance.We are all here to maximize our human experience. That’s it. That’s all we
are looking for. Some attempt to find happiness in the short term, some in
the long term, but we are all on the same path. We don’t want to suffer, and
education should reflect that. When we bust through our selfish karma, we
then open up room for selflessness, and we can impact the world from a
more enlightened perspective. This higher perspective cannot be reached by
conforming to the formal education system.
In my opinion, kids don’t need to be taught an idealized version of health
and gender studies. Nor do they need to memorize concepts in algebra and
physics that don’t transfer over to living a life of enjoyment and impact
through a nuanced lens. People can find enjoyment in the interests that
college can introduce them to, but one does not need to follow the same
path as everyone else to find those interests.
The first lesson of any teaching should be to encourage the questioning of
any teaching. The second should be to lean into the curiosity that will allow
you to fail the fastest. From there, we can include topics on persuasion,
mental models, research skills, critical thinking, and entrepreneurship as
vessels for applying any skill the individual may learn.
This will never happen, since the education system is interwoven into the
social fabric of corporate jobs and government agencies. The government
influences the general curriculum, and the curriculum influences the job
opportunities that students have available to them. From the outside looking
in, this is a cyclical yet groundless system that reduces novel emergence,
innovation, and personal development.
At worst, the school system conditions convergent thinking, conformity
over authenticity, memorization over process, failure as something to avoid,
authorities as unquestionable, long work over efficiency, and intelligence
dictated by book smarts. At best, this pricey status symbol will give you the
experience you need to make better decisions as you enter your prime years.
You will make mistakes, party a bit too much, and meet lifelong friends that
you wouldn’t find in your hometown.After 5 years and twenty-thousand dollars down the drain with 2 more years
to complete my degree, I was fed up. There was a lot on the line, and the
thought of getting a job was the bane of my existence. I knew I could
acquire the skills to avoid that reality. In my final year, I took a class on
basic computer programming. This was the first class I was interested in. So
much so that I spent 3–4 hours a day studying outside of class with online
courses and tutorials. This is when the reality of formal education slapped
me in the face. Within 2 weeks, I had learned the entirety of the college
course curriculum through self-study on the internet. I stopped going to
class but still aced the tests.
Computer programming was an in-demand skill, and my intense bouts of
obsessive study opened a world of possibilities. I could freelance and avoid
getting a job. I could build my own app and attempt to get paying users. Or
if all things went wrong, I could get a high-paying job. The tech industry
didn’t care about a degree at the time, and more gigs were moving in this
direction.
That was in 2018, and the world has continued to shift toward individuality,
decentralization, and accessible information. You can learn any skill,
cultivate your value, and distribute that value to the people that care about
what you have to say.
SPECIFIC KNOWLEDGE
For the first eighteen years of our lives, depending on where you live,
society is designed to strip our child-like curiosity from us. This is a
blessing and a curse. A blessing for those that realize it, a curse for those
that don’t. Again, I want to make clear that this is not some kind of
conspiracy theory. It is human nature manifested over centuries that has
created an efficient system for reducing collective entropy. It has its perks,
of course, but has ruined more lives than it has exposed to their potential.
Curiosity is the path to doing the things you want to do. Curiosity is what
makes you, you, and that is a necessity heading into the future of automatedwork. If you learn the same thing as everyone else to be trained into the
select few jobs that are left, you can be replaced by almost anyone. The
solution is specific knowledge.
Specific knowledge is difficult to find where general knowledge is taught. It
takes a vision, hierarchy of goals, and dedicated time for curiosity-based
self-education in alignment with those goals. If you are learning the same
thing as everyone else, you will fight for the same replaceable opportunities
as everyone else. The difference between formal education and self-
education is being able to choose the material you learn according to your
self-generated goals.
The online education industry has hit exponential growth since the year
2020, and I don’t see it slowing down any time soon. Jobs are being
threatened left and right, and it only makes sense that people search for a
new path. Formal institutions have joined this battle, of course, by using
their capitalistic leverage to flood the online learning space. But they only
have a fraction of the manpower that individual creators have to teach based
on real-world experience.
The incredible aspect of this education revolution is that the information is
accessible to anyone in the world. You no longer need to move across the
country to attend a prestigious school for the sake of developing a
professional network.
In a watered-down description of an overly optimal situation, you can
purchase a course, acquire a skill, and send a direct message to a high-status
individual online to work for them. Or you can use that skill to build your
own business with close-to-zero startup costs. Of course, this takes time.
But the focused individual can acquire an irreplaceable skill stack in a
fraction of the time as those that came before them.
I like to think of specific knowledge as zip files for the mind. Independent
educators teach through a specific perspective that can be shared by the
students. That alone creates a more diverse and effective learning
experience. With the student’s goals, level of mind, and current skills takeninto account, specific information can be injected into their brain in a way
that blooms their understanding of the topic.
I’m convinced that the future of schooling will be done online, with creators
as teachers, and each student can join the “school” that aligns the most with
their interests, values, and preferred method of learning. One school system
wouldn’t dominate twelve-plus years of their life. Students would evolve
beyond one after a few months or years, go on to the next, and eventually
be able to start their own – if the other schools have the underlying
principle of critical thinking and personal experience.
If creator- and community-based schools followed patterns of the Universe,
their teachings would evolve as they do. This would desaturate the
education market below it, allowing new educators to come in and teach
beginners from a fresh lens.
The teacher learns more than the student, and if students eventually become
the teachers, we create a holistic and self-correcting education system
through the unlimited nature of the internet. Students would pursue their
goals, seek relevant specific knowledge, and forge a unique path in reality
that can be passed down to future generations through their own public
school. This is already happening in the new economy. Who knows what
heights we could reach if the awareness were spread, and individuals were
encouraged to create in alignment with their interests? People would stop
creating to make money but would start making money to create.
These “zip files of specific knowledge” are not to be taken lightly. Humans
raise their level of consciousness through understanding. Over the eons of
our existence, we have been creating new knowledge that allows
individuals to understand complex topics faster.
If language paves the road that thought can operate on, and newly created
knowledge through experience is being distributed without regulation, the
future of work is being forged right before our eyes. This may have been
the intention with interpretations of religious texts, but people read from a
literal lens. If there were a simple preface that encouraged people to readfrom a metaphorical lens, much of today’s arguments, anger, and closed-
mindedness would be resolved.
All it takes is one big idea that registers well with an individual to cause an
avalanche in the mind called insight. Insight leads to an exponential leap in
consciousness. This begs the need for individuals educating themselves
from a perspective that reaps maximum understanding.
This also begs the need for individuals educating other individuals to help
reveal their blind spots. Another major downside of formal institutions is
the static curriculum. It changes with the times, yes, but not as fast as a
passionate individual can learn something new and post a message for
hundreds of thousands of eyes to see.
Universities that churn tens of thousands of students through the same
curriculum, with government influence sewn into the social fabric, in big
classrooms, with underpaid professors that don’t have much say over what
they teach is not conducive to a future of conscious leaders.
If business professors understood the changing business landscape, they
would have a business. Some teach out of passion, which is incredible, but
why not reach more people and not have your teachings regulated by an
outdated system? If any professor was a true master of their craft, they
would be teaching curious individuals online, because that’s where modern
business takes place. Their income would reflect the results they are able to
get for their students.
Creating a course, or other form of educational material like internet
content or writing a book, is the opposite. The smart creators understand
that a course is the next logical step for their business after they get results.
It is a way of increasing their income without more time invested while
providing massive value to the world.
Yes, there are scammers and cheats, but that usually isn’t a problem for
those that have basic critical-thinking skills. And if you do fall prey to one
of these bad actors, you now have the experience to make better decisions
when choosing who to learn from. Like how many come to the realizationthat they were to a degree “scammed” by the formal education system. I’m
not worried about this. It may have been common 5–10 years ago, but as
with any developing industry, it either corrects itself or dies off, and I don’t
see it dying off any time soon.
The difference between a professor and creator is results. The creators solve
their own problems, document the solutions, and package it up with a dash
of personal experience to provide a life-changing learning experience
without breaking the bank for the recipient.
In other words, they aren’t teaching outdated material. They are on the
cutting edge of global opportunity. Yes, the new educators are making a lot
of money, but that money reflects the value they provide at scale.
CAREER CREATION
Knowledge not found in schools is the source of money not found in
employment; and the internet has democratized wealth generation for those
that take responsibility for their education, skill acquisition, and self-
promotion.
At this point in time, the year 2023, there is a statistic that 85% of jobs that
will exist in 2030 have not been invented yet. The keyword here is
“invented.” Another statistic is that 60% of labor jobs will be automated
within the next decade. Technological advancements are allowing for the
rapid evolution of the workspace. Jobs that were the beacon of career
security are disappearing overnight, and jobs that nobody could fathom
emerge with the highest earning potential. The problem is that the skills
required to perform these jobs can only be learned from the passionate
individuals that explored that new crevice of reality and distributed the
information on the internet.
The future demands that we earn with our mind, not our time. The only way
to earn with your mind is to break out of the narrow-focused state of
survival. You must expand, organize, and focus your mind in an iterativenature as you solve local, social, global, and potentially cosmic problems
and beyond, in that order.
I am fascinated by the emergence of the creator economy. A “creator” is
someone who becomes a fountainhead of value through personal
development, shares that value in public, and makes a creative income
doing so. Mostly on social media, but the philosophy of a creator is not
limited to the online space.
Similar to how our ancestors each had their unique strengths and served
their communities, creators lean into their curiosity and share their
knowledge. Since we live in a comfortable world and have nearly
eliminated our need to perform manual labor, what’s left is knowledge and
consciousness work. Through knowledge we shape the language, and
therefore expansion of conscious thought, for the next generations. When
we increase our level of mind through personal problem-solving, we create
a ripple effect for decades to come.
It makes sense that information is the most valuable resource in our times.
And it makes even more sense why lack of focus is the biggest problem of
our time. The Industrial Age solved big problems in labor. The Information
Age solved big problems in knowledge. And the Imagination Age will
solve big problems in consciousness. You have the chance to be a part of
this phase in human evolution.
People forget that they have the world’s most powerful supercomputer
between their ears. You must prioritize your mind. Mental mastery is how
you fight back in a world that wants to steal your attention, manipulate your
thoughts, and make you feel helpless. When you align your search for
knowledge with your vision, goals, and present purpose, the potential for
distraction decreases dramatically. You will spot future opportunities and
self-correct your learning endeavors.
The result of personal development is a career that you create, not one that
society gives you. The creator economy is a newly emerged digital society.
The goods exchanged in this economy have depth, passion, and a personalphilosophy behind them. I know someone that sells barefoot shoes to fix
postural health. I know someone that sells handmade wooden kitchenware
to avoid the dangers of plastic. I know someone that sells stylish blue light
glasses to help with eye strain and sleep. I know someone that sells fresh
herbs, milk, and meat without the cruelty of factory farming. This
seemingly self-sufficient online community I’ve found myself in provides
everything I could need for a good life. And when I provide a product, my
community will support me as well.
Creative people get paid for doing what they enjoy doing. Armchair
creatives often get stuck playing status games of who can create the best
“art” that the market rejects. True creatives know that given enough time,
they can turn passion into profit while maintaining their authenticity.
We are smack in the middle of both the Digital Dark Ages and the Digital
Renaissance. With an open mind, access to the internet, and a high-value
skill stack, you can escape the former and join the latter.
UNDERSTANDING THE INTERNET
I have realized a common theme in my life (and the lives of many others).
Obsession. As a kid, I was obsessed with finding a better way of living. I
don’t know what sparked this. All I know is that I was a silent observer.
Everywhere I went, I paid close attention to people’s actions. Not in a
judgmental way, but in a discerning way.
How did that person get to that point in life? Why did they look that way?
Was it because they were going through their closest fast-food drive
through for breakfast each morning? Extra this, extra that, or was it because
they could only view the world from their conditioned lens? Many things
didn’t sit well with me.
One of them was the conventional career path. Go to school. Think you
know what you want to do at eighteen years old. Possibly get a good job the
first time around. Possibly enjoy life while having zero control over 70% ofyour day. Finally have the freedom to do whatever you want with your time
at sixty-five years old. Sign me up!
Nope. Didn’t like that. A “secure” future didn’t sound so secure when I
pierced through the veil. So, I spent my time in the gym, learning from
people I aspired to be like on social media, learning whatever skill could
help me with new opportunities, and failing at 7+ business models. To
many, this sounds like a hellish existence. To me, it was the only thing I
could find true satisfaction in. Two sides of the same coin with a difference
in perception.
I found solace in the creator economy early. Individuals that took advantage
of the social media boom had my dedicated attention. They gave me a
foundational understanding of the things that mattered. With a consistent
self-education habit with matching execution, I took control of my mental,
physical, and financial health. Through direct experience, I was able to
solve my own problems, systemize the solution, and use my mental energy
on creative endeavors that spread passion to others.
The future of work will not be work. It will be play. The human psyche is
wired for survival. Entrepreneurship is modern-day survival. But most
people have a twisted view of entrepreneurship. It’s not about starting the
next billion-dollar company. It’s about leveraging your stack of skills,
unique story, and finite focus to create a life of meaning. Everyone is an
entrepreneur. Some just get paid for the value they cultivate outside of the
conditioned path.
We don’t have as much control over human evolution as we think, but we
do have control over the novelty we seek, gather, create, and trade. The path
is already laid out and it is unfolding rapidly before our eyes. Those that
hop on the train will thrive and others will experience neurobiological
decay.
Meaningless dopamine sources have people in chains, while meaningful
dopamine is reserved to those that hunt and evolve. That is, pursuing your
curiosity in alignment with self-generated goals, making novel discoveriesin the unknown, and being able to maintain an impactful lifestyle in a world
that is shifting from corporation to individual.
The goal is to tap into your creative genius, create solutions to true
problems, condense valuable information, and raise the well-being of the
collective through your efforts.
The internet is the hunting ground, so let’s begin to dissect it for big-picture
understanding. There are billions of people that have access to the internet,
while only a fraction don’t or choose not to. If you want to reach almost
anybody, there are 2 things you need to understand.
The back end of the internet is code. Unless you plan on becoming a
programmer, we don’t need to get technical here. Code is the series of
commands, functions, and systems that delivers interactive information to
your screen.
The front end of the internet is media. Every single person should have a
foundational understanding of media because it is a microcosm of life itself.
Media is composed of writing, speaking, and visuals that distribute a
valuable message. In essence, media is an extension of the personal and
collective mind. We put out our ideas, beliefs, and opinions that form a
digital society, cultures, and world.
The “valuable message” you distribute is subjective. What we perceive as
valuable fluctuates on a daily, monthly, and yearly basis. At night, you may
find value in watching a good movie. During the day, you may find value in
learning a new skill.
The principles of a valuable message are less subjective. The goal with
media is to leverage human psychology to capture attention, hold attention,
and deliver value on that attention through problems, stories or games, and
solutions. Media is but another song frozen in time, floating around in
intangible code. Impactful media mimics the ebb and flow of the Universe
itself.The internet is a public resumé, school, job board, note-taking system, and
podium if you perceive it as such. There are brands, creators, students,
consumers, and those that are transitioning from one phase to another, from
distracted to focused or vice versa.
Brands and creators host media that educates, entertains, and inspires their
audience. If they don’t have a product, their self-promotion doesn’t go to
waste. Employers are online, and they are very active in hiring those that
distribute the most value. In other words, even if you aren’t sold on
becoming a “creator,” you won’t escape digital survival. You either create
and distribute value or drastically limit the opportunities available to you.
Those that have realized the mindful power of the internet would be
considered students. They learn from brands and creators until their time
inevitably comes to join them. Then, there are consumers. For the sake of
distinction, “consumers” will be defined as those without a vision that are
consuming surface-level information that is not conducive to their
nonexistent ideal future. Everyone is a consumer, yes, but as the dualistic
nature of life goes, one must also become a creator so that extreme
consumerism doesn’t overtake their potential.
We will discuss this in depth in the coming sections, but understand this:
observation, awareness, and correcting your focus through self-reflection is
the greatest teacher for understanding human nature. By understanding how
you interact with the world both physical and digital, you understand others,
and can apply that knowledge to increase the impact of anything you create.THE NEW RICH
Happiness is a skill. It is not given but created. As with all skills, it must be
practiced, refined, and adopted as a part of your life. When isolated,
happiness loses its meaning, as it cannot exist without an unhappy reference
point of prior experience.
This is the problem with new-age positivity. You can think positive
thoughts all day long. But people fail to realize that every positive thought
holds a negative seed. This is why almost every great success comes after
great failure. If you want to be happier, you need to expose yourself to more
negative experiences that allow you to create the positive ones. You can
think your way to a positive future, but the image of that future is forged
through an equal and often more painful past. Without a negative
experience as an anchor, you have nothing meaningful to move toward.
There are 2 states of mind to become aware of: stillness and movement.
Being and doing. Peace and progress. When your focus is occupied by the
background of your ideal future and the foreground of your priority actions,
these 2 states of mind collapse into the present moment. Everyone wants
money, muscles, and a desirable partner. The act of achieving those goals
feels incredible at the start. If you don’t have a philosophical sense of
mastery behind your material pursuits, you are in for a rude awakening.Even if your actions don’t change, the “why” behind them can. A
bodybuilder that got started after a tough breakup can find meaning in the
microcosm of life that weight training is if they allow their mind to see
beyond their identification with their seemingly material pursuits. Most
people would be considered superficial for owning a nice car, but a
mechanic that loves dissecting every bolt, part, and speck of paint? Cars are
where they find maximum enjoyment. You can enjoy flashy things. Most
people just acquire them for the mindless pursuit of status.
Many that do acquire their material desires change on the outside, but not
the inside. Society is filled with people who turn a physical sixty years old
with the mind of a twelve-year-old going through an emotional puberty.
The main Buddhist teaching is that of impermanence. That is, nothing can
be isolated and held static by the mind. This includes ideas, feelings,
emotions, people, locations, and everything else that we label and expect to
stay the same forever.
The identification with ideology, dogma, and other static mental constructs
are the source of our suffering. When they are threatened, so is our
happiness. However, realize that this still holds true for your purpose. The
goals you pursue are the axis of your suffering. Choose them wisely, as
fulfillment would not hold meaning without painful experiences as a
reference point.
Thinking is not bad and often necessary when critical. But when gone
unchecked, compulsive thoughts can create a personal reality of inescapable
turmoil. When one is still, their mind wants to move. When one is moving,
their mind wants to be still.
Without deliberate practice, the mind will latch onto the past or future in an
attempt to make the impermanent permanent. This is the cause of
unhappiness but is not to be demonized, as that is against the point. When
you feel unhappy, observe that feeling. Lean into it. Let it point “a finger at
the moon” and present the lesson that life is trying to teach you. From that
low, lean into the coming high.The new rich are those that can refine their lifestyle to sustain a schedule
filled with stillness, movement, and a lack of mindless chatter in the skull.
The activities that create this blissful state of mind are personal. You must
observe, hypothesize, experiment, fail, learn, and repeat this never-ending
process even once you have reached conscious success. Because even that
isn’t permanent.
YOUR LIFE’S WORK
Work.
Does that spark any stressful thoughts about tomorrow? If so, that’s a
problem. Work consumes a vast amount of the finite mental energy you
have in this lifetime. If the majority of your days are filled with something
you hate, how do you think your life will turn out?
In a world where most people see overwork as a badge of honor and rest as
an inconvenience, it’s no wonder so many people are unfulfilled and bitter.
Nobody said they wanted to work forty-plus hours a week, numb their mind
with mindless entertainment, and put off their dreams just to wake up one
day wondering where the time went. Yet that’s what everyone does.
Why? Because they didn’t ask “why” earlier. They let it happen because
that’s always how it was supposed to happen, at least to their knowledge.
Work is a necessary part of life and would lose meaning without dedicated
rest. But people don’t see the relationship between the 2 and oscillate
between the unconscious extremes of both. It’s either stressful work they
hate, or a delusional idea of an endless summer sipping margaritas on the
beach.
I have lived the life of early retirement in a tropical setting, and I can tell
you with confidence that it normalizes. Eventually, your mind will seek
movement through challenge, and that desire will become so strong thateven the most pleasurable vacation will lead to anxiety and boredom thanks
to psychic entropy.
Everyone has the desire to be free. This is a sign in the direction that you
should move. All that freedom is, when pertaining to the mind, is the
dissolution of barriers that comes from adopting a higher perspective. When
you adopt a higher perspective, you can start to see things for what they are.
You don’t want absolute freedom, you want autonomy. The difference is
that freedom implies a lack of structure, where autonomy is your ability to
choose within a structure. Hopefully one that is composed of a strong
vision, evolving purpose, and meaningful problems worth solving.
When the average individual thinks about work, their mind floods with the
string of tasks waiting for them when they clock in. When they think of
rest, they see it as an inconvenience that prevents them from reaching the
same status as their peers. No matter where they turn, the modern individual
meets 4 cushy walls that look like a fun house but is actually an insane
asylum.
Now, don’t let my doomsday perspective make you lose hope. At the same
time, don’t let the importance of taking control of your life go unnoticed.
Getting a job is only bad when made permanent. Everything evolves. Low-
to high-paying jobs should be viewed as a series of stepping stones to aid in
the discovery of your life’s work. It is unwise to think that you already have
the skill to make millions of dollars doing what you love when you haven’t
even become aware of what you love.
For now, depending on your age and responsibility, choosing a job that
presents a matching level of challenge will make you happier than going all
in on the uncertain path. When that job stops presenting ample challenge,
don’t get complacent. Acquire new skills and pursue the purpose that
reveals itself through struggle.
The notion of having a “life’s work” may seem like an impossibility. If
you’re drowning in tasks, responsibilities, and escapism throughmomentary pleasure, I don’t blame you. And you’re not alone. Keep your
mind open a bit longer for me.
Everyone has the ability to do work that brings meaning to their lives.
Some find it early, others within a few decades, and the rest don’t find it at
all. The key is to find the one thing that makes all the sacrifices worth it
after extended periods of experimentation.
That’s the kicker: it will demand sacrifice. Pursuing your life’s work won’t
be all dandelions and roses. After sufficient learning, failure, and
persistence, you will feel compelled to decline any and every external
request to build out a meaningful project. This is when you lock yourself in
your room, harness your obsession, and build something meaningful with
the mental skill you’ve developed. Then, you will need to create a balance
that doesn’t turn you into a workaholic that misses out on the finer things in
life.
Your life’s work is an inherent part of your vision for the future. It is how
you spread the impact of the value you develop over time to others and,
with the power of the internet, it has never been so feasible. Feasible, but
not to be mistaken for easy.
Your life’s work is how you spread love, passion, and consciousness in a
way that ripples beyond locality. For one individual, this may be their
obsession with beer, no matter how many people label it as a destructive
substance. They explored that crevice of reality, turned matter into meaning,
and served it with a smile on their face to the customers of their brewery.
For another, it could be video game development, philosophy, or basket
weaving. Nothing is off limits, but there are many limits in the way. Your
job is to explore the unknown, dig beyond the surface, and let curiosity pull
you up, down, left, and right until you find the center.
When you find the center, plant your seed, and let the roots spread to
strengthen that passion. You will need more skills than one to make that
passion a sustainable aspect of your life.I regret to inform you that I don’t have a rapid solution for this problem you
are meant to solve. This process isn’t immediate, and that’s what makes it
worth it. You will feel lost, you will lose hope, but when you stumble across
the experience that shows you it’s possible, there’s no going back.
As with many things in this book, this is a seed of awareness. If you were
not made aware of potential problems in your life and the possibility of
solving them, would you even think to work toward that reality? When was
the last time you even thought of your life’s work?
Through the pursuit of curiosity and self-experimentation, you will unveil
what you were put on this Earth to do. Take small risks until you feel the
pull to go all in. You may realize that the pull was a lesser purpose that
needed to be fulfilled. This is fine. Let that chapter end.
LIFESTYLE DESIGN
I’ve always had some form of aversion toward Western work culture.
Eighty-hour work weeks are encouraged. High-pressure environments.
Little time for rest and recovery. Everyone complains about going to work,
when they can go home, and what they are going home to. An endless
cycle.
It never felt “right” to me, and from past experiences, I know that is a
feeling that one should always question. Why would I want to waste my
entire day knowing that within 2–3 hours my focus would fade and work
quality would suffer?
Four-hour workdays, singular focus, and meaningful work are becoming the
norm in small pockets of the internet, and for good reason. Ancient Romans
and Greeks, Steve Jobs, Charles Darwin, and an ever-growing list of
visionaries, strategists, and innovators attribute their success to surprisingly
low work times accompanied by an abundance of restful activities like long
walks.When we see someone with a respectable body of creative work, we would
expect them to work long hours, obsessing into the night about the details
of their next piece. Instead, we see the opposite. Like Darwin arriving in his
study by 8 after his morning walk and breakfast. He would work for an hour
and a half, take a break to read the mail and write letters, then return to
more serious work, where he conducted his experiments. By noon Darwin
would stop his workday and head out on a long walk. After reading and
answering a few more letters, he would take a nap, take another walk, and
return to his study for another work block. Four to five hours of work paired
with active rest seems to be the sweet spot for most impactful creatives.
Writers from multiple domains like Hemingway, Tarantino, and Ogilvy
would spend the majority of their days lounging by the pool, talking to
beautiful women, and doing everything aside from what they deemed work.
They gave room for the creative emergence of ideas that fueled the impact
of their work. If they can change culture and business with their methods,
why can’t corporate workaholics do the same?
Rest is important in the age of automation because it demands creativity
from those that don’t want to live a mechanical and predetermined life. Rest
is the driving force behind your mind’s creative ability. Humans aren’t
robots, yet most of our lives are spent in an unconscious repetition of tasks
that are graded by time spent rather than results.
As technology advances, so does efficiency, and those that choose to be
workaholics should do so by their own conscious choice. Some people are
happier when they work more on the things they enjoy. But for most people,
a balance of meaningful work and ample rest can help prevent life from
losing its spark. Much of the time, the 2 complement each other to the point
of enhancing the effects of both.
The pride of overwork is for those climbing a status ladder. A balanced,
fulfilling lifestyle is for those that do what they want. When forging your
own path, productivity is difficult to measure. Instead, we can measure the
amount of engagement with our work and the mental energy required toproduce valuable creations. You measure this through self-reflection and
how difficult a challenge was according to your level of skill.
Balance does not mean stuck in the middle. Balance is the dance between
extremes. Extreme focus and extreme rest. Full engagement with being or
doing. Locked into reality itself.
The paradox of productivity is the less you work, the higher quality your
work is. Imagine training in the gym for 8 hours trying to be as
“productive” as possible. In one day, you would run out of exercises, tax
your nervous system into poverty, and may even opt to go on a 5-mile run
because your boss expects you to perform and you want to survive the job
title you’ve been given.
Now, would you be able to come back and give it your all the next day?
How about 5 days in a row? Would you be able to tough it out until you can
use your paid vacation time to recover and do it all over again?
Your body would be decimated. As would your focus. Instead, we train for
forty-five to ninety minutes at a time. We push ourselves at the expense of
physical – or mental – energy. We create a routine and schedule it into our
days so we can prioritize rest, recovery, and general quality of life.
This is a phenomenon that must be directly experienced. I have personally
gone through many cycles of losing trust in long workdays. When an
important task was scheduled outside of work and I forced myself to take
rest, the quality of my work the next morning saw a notable increase in
quality. When I made it into a habit, my quality of life met the same
increase.
While corporate culture is handing you a pretty paycheck to incentivize
sustained intensity by exploiting your survival, you must push back.
Intensity is powerful, but not sustainable. It’s not rocket science.
Sustainability, consistency, and creativity must be prioritized before we
even mention the word “productivity.”In this modern world, it is possible to create a daily routine filled with the
activities that bring you the most enjoyment. The keyword here is “create.”
It will take a few iterations of experimentation, identifying problems,
testing new solutions, and systemizing them to best utilize your mental
energy.
To understand this lifestyle design process, let’s start small and practical.
This is a process I run through when life gets a bit too messy. Like when
you’re constantly thinking back to a time when “life was better.” Or when
your routines succumb to entropy, fall apart, and all these little tasks pop up
that suck up the little time you have in a day.
Pull out a journal and take note of how you feel. Write down exactly what
you are doing on a daily basis. Every little detail. Take 10 minutes and get
specific on what you do, why you do it, and how you feel in the morning,
afternoon, and night. This is important for identifying unconscious parasites
(time and energy suckers).
From your brain dump, prioritize, remove, and restructure. The reason you
aren’t making progress is because you feel pressed for time, don’t have the
energy to get results, or you stopped doing the things that got results.
Prioritize the things that will get results. Remove the things that snuck their
way into your day. Restructure specific tasks and obligations to free up
more time. Get the chaotic structure of your mind on paper and reorganize
it.
Next, create a weeklong system. You are in this chaotic state because of
psychic entropy, disorder of the mind. The organization of your life tends
toward disorder if you don’t perform mental housekeeping. You will pick
up unconscious habits that may wreak havoc without you noticing.
Habits are difficult to break, but you can make the process easier with
conscious clarity practice. Write out every single thing you are going to do
for the next week. Keep this simple and don’t overthink. Just jot it down.
This is how you reduce the friction of making better decisions.Plan out your morning routine, focused work routine, other tasks and
meetings, and your nightly routine. You will have to experiment as you go.
If the routine doesn’t flow, go back to your notebook and refine the system.
With this mental housekeeping process, you gain as much control as you
can over your day. You will unveil aspects that prevent you from filling
your routine with enjoyable activities. Treat these as problems in your
system that will be solved through focused education, experimentation, and
effort.
FILL EMPTY USE
To ensure maximum mental output, creativity, and life enjoyment, there are
3 things to consider: how you fill your mind, how you empty your mind,
and how you use your mind.
It is up to you to create a daily system with time and practice. If your
energy is highest in the morning, schedule your work around that. The same
goes for night owls. Gain awareness of when your natural energy is highest
and use that time for narrow-focused output. Remember that we are
attempting to create our ideal lifestyle. This isn’t a one-and-done type deal.
This is a lifelong series of experiments that may never reach perfection but
will always reach a higher level of enjoyment.
We set the scene in the afternoon, not the morning, why? First, personal
preference. Second, because this approach is holistic. Deep work hacks that
only mention the time, usually morning, to be productive will always fail.
Productivity and creativity are not one-time things, they are states of mind
on the spectrum of focus.
It is not a matter of deep work. It is a matter of the balance and degree that
you engage in deep play, deep rest, and deep work. Living fully is a lost art
in a world that overvalues the surface.
For value creators, those that intend to put good out into the world, you
must adopt the habit of conscious study and education. Without expandingyour worldview, mind, and knowledge through exposing yourself to novel
perspectives in the unknown, how do you plan to create?
Creativity, in most practical aspects, is about pulling from multiple sources
and mashing them together. To be creative from one source, you must
deconstruct a topic, learn about its parts through study, and piece together
your own creation from those parts like mental Legos.
Idea generation is a pillar for the creative worker. You cannot create if the
idea does not come first. Novel ideas emerge from conflict of the multiple
ideas you hold in your mind from study. As you begin to fill your mind, it
would be wise to have a place, physical or digital, to note down ideas. You
will struggle to comprehend, make sense of, and piece together ideas from
different sources. This is a good sign. When the time is right, the perfect
idea will spring into your field of awareness.
When aligned with your vision, you can consume information with the
intention to understand and apply. This can begin to act as a vessel for
raising your consciousness. Don’t study to learn the material. Instead, study
through the lens of the vision, goal, or problem that is most prevalent in
your life. This is how you read a book 3 times in different phases of your
life and gain entirely new insights each time around.
You start to gain clarity on your life’s work through exposure to the novel
information that sparks excitement in you. This excitement signals that
you’ve found a new potential for your life in the unknown. If you don’t
know where to start, reread the book that changed the way you move in the
world; it will do it again. From there, pick a topic or idea that you did not
entirely understand from the book. Research recommendations for
information on that topic. Then, repeat the process until you have 5–10
sources that begin to form your life philosophy.
You fill your mind through self-education in alignment with the purpose
you are trying to fulfill or the burning problem you are trying to solve. You
cannot create if you don’t consume. My recommended way to retain the
information you are consuming is to initiate intellectual conversation withanyone and everyone. Talk about your discoveries, let your passion show,
and identify your knowledge gaps so you know what to study next.
In psychology, there is a concept called the Default Mode Network (DMN).
From Alex Soojung-Kim Pang, the author of Rest, the DMN is “a series of
interconnected sections that activate as soon as people stop concentrating
on external tasks and shift from outward-focused to inward-focused
cognition.” This is how you empty your mind.
When the DMN is “activated” through restful, meditative, or open-focused
activities, the brain isn’t any less active than it would be when engaged in
something like focused work, or something that demands narrow focus and
concentrated attention. This is incredible. Your brain is as active, if not
more, when you are at rest than when you are at work.
This can be associated with presence, surrender, and divine inspiration that
many masters harp on in their teachings. When your focus is open, your
subconscious mind is still working hard and munching on solving the
problems in the way of your goals.
Many computer programmers understand this well. They will often work on
a project, encounter a bug, struggle to fix it, give up, and go about their day.
At the most unexpected time, the solution will pop into their head and the
excited programmer will rush to open their code base and test it out.
“Shower thoughts” are the method by which the balanced worker shakes the
world.
From personal experience, my greatest insights come after a period of
struggle. My attention is engaged with the natural battle raging in my head
to the point of seeing its pointlessness. At this realization, I drop everything
but the pillars of my life. I start from scratch. I drop everything and see
what sticks without conscious effort. Like magic, the idea I needed comes
to me within a few days, and births a season of intensity to actualize that
part of my vision.
When you are hyper-focused on a problem in your life, the best way to
solve it is counterintuitive. Letting go and engaging with life itself givesroom for the subconscious to work its magic and deliver the “aha!” moment
to the conscious mind. Rather than writing to get the best reaction out of
your reader, just write. Rather than golfing to get your first hole-in-one, just
golf. Rather than speedrunning your favorite hike, just hike. Competition
has its place, but when you are stuck on a problem, the best thing you can
do is let reality win.
Do not confuse restful activities for the modern notion of self-care. While
they have their place, true rest does not include emotional binge eating,
bubble baths with wine, and late-night movies to escape the thoughts of
work the next morning.
Instead, restful activities are those shift your attention away from work. Go
on a long walk. Bathe in nature. Train in the gym. Brain dump your ideas,
plans, and compulsive thoughts onto a blank page to clear your mind before
bed. Experiment with different activities at all times of the day until you
find the ones that are most conducive to your vision.
Fill your mind in the afternoons with books, learning, and conversation.
Empty your mind with walks, training, and contemplation. Use your mind
in the morning with creation, output, and focus.
Now that we understand the importance of filling our mind with creative
firepower and emptying our mind to allow space for creative emergence, we
must use that to fuel our focused work.
THE 4-HOUR WORKDAY
Four hours of focused work is better than 8 hours of distracted work.
I don’t have an exact date, but as I was building my first freelance business,
the idea of a 4-hour workday registered in my awareness. There were talks
of 4-hour workweeks by people like Tim Ferris, but a 4-hour workday
sounded realistic enough to make work for my level of mind at the time.
The challenge pushed me toward long-term action rather than anxiety. Iknew I had the resources, mental capacity, and desire to make that lifestyle
real, even if it took a decade.
This seemingly crazy idea stuck in my mind for years to come and
throughout my plethora of business failures. Subconsciously, I was making
decisions to limit how much I worked to 4 hours each day. I was loosely
identified as someone who would work less yet achieve more than others,
so my actions naturally followed to survive that identity I was building.
This alone changed the direction of my life. Why? First, I perceived
anything more than 4 hours of work as a problem. I had conditioned myself
to view anything more than 4 hours of work as abnormal. Few people do
this. Most people label this lifestyle as “impossible” and then it becomes so.
If I had never registered anything more than 4 hours of work as a problem,
my mind would not register opportunities to create a solution for those
problems. A meaningful goal acts as a filter for the information you are
exposed to daily.
This forced my mind to work on a creative solution for these specific
problems to eliminate, systemize, or automate low-leverage work. At a job,
that means organizing your highest-priority work, identifying distractions,
and being honest with yourself about how much work you actually have to
do. Many people can reduce how much they work at their job, then spend
that new free time on actualizing their life’s work. In business, that means
outsourcing, productizing, or building more leverage. So that’s what I did.
For most people, this idealistic 4-hour workday cannot be accomplished
immediately. It can, however, become a potent aspect of your vision so that
you can begin to register opportunity in your awareness. The tips we
discuss can help reduce the time you spend on work at your job, help you
build out a side project in record time, or help you bring order to the
uncertain nature of your entrepreneurial endeavors.
As humans, we have a natural desire for more. We are driven to survive at
all costs. Evolution reflects this. With our unique minds, we build systems
to aid in the survival of physical and mental forms. This may soundrepetitive, and it is, because it’s important. Entropy never sleeps and we
must constantly work to protect the order we create in our lives.
Systems layer on top of each other to make our mind more efficient. We get
better at ‘investing’ our mental energy. If we don’t maintain these systems,
they fall apart. Now, what does entropy have to do with focused work and
productivity? If you don’t systemize your path to success, with time and
focused effort, you won’t achieve it. And if you don’t maintain order in the
productivity system you create, you allow room for procrastination. Your
productivity system is one out of many that will be messy at the start. Even
if you copy it from your favorite productivity teacher. Your lifestyle and
work have many nuances that can only be accounted for in your direct
experience. Through experimentation, failure, and problem-solving, your
routine will become more enjoyable and efficient the longer you stick to the
path.
Productivity is about getting from point A to point B as fast as possible.
Productivity is not about seeing who can work the longest so you can brag
to your friends, family, and coworkers. Like your home bookshelf, if you
don’t have a system for your work, you will get overwhelmed with the tasks
that continue to scatter in front of you.
When you are overwhelmed, if you don’t have a system, routine, or plan to
focus your mind, the intensity of that overwhelm will increase. Now that
when entropy has its grasp on your productivity, it may lead to a week-long
downward spiral of emotions and laziness. Nobody wants that.
If you were to loosely identify with a positive version of success and the
projects that will take you there, you will have the desire to refine a path to
aid in the survival of those concepts. If you create a vision for your future
that holds meaning, you will subconsciously work to survive that vision. If
you create an identity that makes the automatic decision to build your future
for 4 hours every day, you will work to survive that identity. Even if you
can only spend thirty minutes on that vision at this point in your life.Why? Because if you don’t survive the things that make you, you, then you
experience the concept of death. The thought of death fills us with fear
because it is the embodiment of the absolute unknown. If we don’t live at
our edge, a chaotic state of mind is the default.
We can either transmute that fear toward beneficial outcomes or become
slaves to it. So, let’s take a meta-approach to productivity. I am not going to
give you exact steps. A prescriptive “how” is not as powerful as you think,
even when that’s what your mind craves. Instead, I will give you a few
helpful starting points so you can begin to create your own “how” with
time, experimentation, and iteration.
First, why 4 hours? Conceptual systems need mental energy to thrive. From
personal experience, scientific studies, and anecdotes from the world’s most
respected creatives, 3–5 hours is the sweet spot for mental energy
expenditure. Focus is a muscle that fatigues with time. At the start, you will
notice the difficulty of pure unbroken focus for even thirty minutes. As you
train your focus through conscious repetition, you will be able to do more
quality work in 4 hours than the average individual can in a week.
Second, 4 hours creates the frame of a game that you can play to win. If you
play the character of someone that only works 4 hours, and you’ve
internalized that trait, then you will feel the pressure to complete your work
within that time. Even better, when you chunk that work session up into
smaller time blocks, you create a powerful environment to narrow your
focus into a productive state of good stress.
I would encourage you to train your focus on your current work. Start by
setting a timer for fifteen minutes of pure focus on a high-priority task, no
distractions. After a few days, increase that time to thirty minutes, then
forty-five, then an hour. Like building a muscle. You won’t be able to focus
for a metaphorical 495-pound bench press on your first try.
Most people don’t have 4 hours to work on their own thing. So don’t feel
like you have to work this long if you have other responsibilities right now.
Don’t let the expectations I set in this book prevent you from facing thereality of your situation. Do what you can, start small, and work your way
up the challenge ladder in all areas of life. Anybody can set aside thirty to
sixty minutes every morning to build out their dreams. Sure, it may take a
week to get used to waking up earlier, and you may need to sacrifice nightly
bad habits that you don’t want to break to get to bed on time, but the fact
remains that anybody can do it.
If you can spend 8 hours building someone else’s dreams, you can spend 1
hour building your own. Every individual that wants more out of life needs
a dedicated vision building session. Your vision isn’t going to build itself.
You must carve out time no matter how small at the start. During this
dedicated vision-building session, the choice of tasks you perform are
crucial.
First, identify where you are in relation to your goals. Do you have the
clarity to execute on the tasks that will bring meaningful results? Or do you
need to use that time for self-education and study? Remember that you are
creating a playable game here. Nobody starts out as an expert. They
graduate from novice to intermediate to advanced, with a balance of
education and practice to match that progression.
Every morning, be sure that you are performing tasks that move levers.
Lever-moving tasks are the actions that generate results. If you aren’t
getting results, that is feedback to change what you are doing. Without
positive feedback, there is a growing potential for rogue thoughts, emotions,
and external stimuli to grab at your attention.
Distractions are the catalyst of entropy in your productivity system. The
more distractions you give the chance to penetrate your awareness, the
more likely you will be to go into a downward spiral of procrastination.
The most effective advice I can give is to condition your internal and
external environment to be distraction-free. Set your alarm an hour earlier
to wake up before the distractions. Stick to a routine that makes work
sessions seamless and efficient with practice. Hold the idea of your holistic,
ideal lifestyle in your mind as you go about your creative endeavors. Noneof this is immediate, but with a vision-aligned intent to build, you will
surprise yourself on even a 6-month timescale. Focused work is how you
change your life in record time.THE SKILL STACK
The state of work is changing. Specialists are out, but so are generalists. We
live in a time of specialized generalism. You must pursue your curiosity,
become obsessed with one crevice of reality, stack skills to solve burning
problems within that domain, and let the base of your skill tree spread its
roots into other connected domains.
Learning one skill isn’t enough, especially if that skill is
compartmentalized, predictable, and lacks the need for creativity. If you can
be trained into it, so can everyone else, and so can a robot. The difference
between a human and a robot is consciousness. Consciousness is the clay of
reality in which we create through order, routine, and minimizing states of
chaos.
The Renaissance Era came after the famine, pandemics, and ignorance of
the Dark Ages. It was a cultural, political, and economic rebirth that housed
many of the thinkers, artists, and scientists we know today. One could say it
was the creative emergence that went on to transcend and include the
lessons from a period of struggle.
During these times, there was what we know as a “Renaissance man,” a
person who had a range of skills across multiple domains like art, science,
literature, music, and politics. Their critical thinking and creativity only
helped with the application of their knowledge.In this Digital Renaissance of the 3rd millennium, we can notice similar
patterns. Technological advancements have made it possible to learn new
skills that were previously reserved for specialists, usually the ones that
have the cash to afford specialized education.
As an example, anyone with a few hours to spare can watch a tutorial on
web design, purchase website software for less than a nice dinner, and build
a what-looks-to-be professionally designed site. Or you can just talk to an
artificial intelligence engine and have it build one for you. That way, you
can focus your education on creating, selling, and iterating on a product or
service that actually gets you paid.
There are no limits, aside from pleasurable distractions, to what you can
learn and apply as one person. Individuals can learn design, marketing,
writing, and video to run a multimillion-dollar business selling a solution to
the problem they’ve solved in their lives. I purchased a pair of blue light
glasses yesterday from an individual that did just this. They struggled with
eye strain and sleep, studied potential solutions, experimented with them,
and created a stylish pair of glasses that solves the problem. Since this was
a personal endeavor, and since they built a readership online, they have very
little competition with the big brands selling the same product with little
soul behind it.
For that to be a possibility for you, you not only need value to offer, which
comes from your personal development and skill acquisition. But you need
to pair that specialty with a general understanding of the modern skills that
allow you to put your payment-worthy value in front of a fraction of the
billions of people you can reach on the internet. Now that you have
awareness of this, try to notice it when you are exploring the digital world.
View brands, content, and products from the lens of a researcher, not a
consumer, and you will pick up lessons that can aid in the actualization of
your goals.
In my teens and early twenties, I had a general obsession for learning and
building. I have always had a potentially monetizable side project to work
on to shine a light on the skills I needed to acquire through self-education.In the course of 10 years, I obsessed over fitness, nutrition, search engine
optimization, web design and development, graphic design, digital art,
social media, content writing, marketing and sales, copywriting,
neuroscience, philosophy, spirituality, self-development, and a few more,
but I’ll spare you my self-aggrandizing list of polymathic study.
What were the results after a decade? The one thing that people tell you is
impossible: doing what I love for a living. And even if they don’t verbally
say it’s impossible, they imply it through their attempts to impregnate your
mind with their limiting worldview.
So, let’s take a big-picture approach to modern skill acquisition. I will not
give you exact steps, as this isn’t a course or classroom. But I will give you
the principles. From those, you must start, encounter a real-world problem,
and self-educate in a manner that teaches you the subjective technical
details of any domain through experience. You may not understand the
teachings below for months or years depending on your current experience
level. Lessons you pick up along the way will compound into one big
“aha!” moment. From there, you can make your dreams real.
I’m assuming you want to acquire skills so that you can create an
independent income source. Even if you only want to learn skills for the
sake of advancing your career, you are doing it because your psyche craves
challenge. Eventually that challenge will cease to exist in a corporate
hierarchy. It would make sense to cut to the chase and go straight into
building your own thing. To do that, you will be exchanging value with
other humans for value in the form of time, money, leverage, information,
and expertise.
Every single skill you learn should be approached from the perspective of
human nature and psychology. That’s all modern skills are, a modality for
capturing attention, holding attention, and delivering value on attention.
Business is about transferring consciousness into your customer and
framing focus toward a shared desired outcome for mutual benefit.So, we need 3 things. A valuable message, a medium for distribution, and a
results-oriented skill for delivering a transformation. Then, we can
eliminate competition through individuality and compound results with our
increasing ability to solve creative problems.
THE MESSAGE
A valuable message is a way to communicate with others that is relatable,
understandable, or actionable. If it isn’t perceived as valuable, it won’t
capture attention. If it doesn’t capture attention, how are they going to see
the true value you provide? This is the first limiting belief that many must
dissolve: you have to learn how to capture attention if you want anything
(including money) from someone else. Attention-capture techniques are
neutral until put into evil hands.
Value is determined by perception. And as we’ve learned, perception is
influenced by an individual’s worldview. A young person may see the value
in riches, while an old person may see the value in peace. To understand
this, learn marketing and sales. These skills pull from psychological
principles and apply them to the transactional nature of business. Marketing
and sales give you a practical approach to learning about the human psyche
in the real world.
Now, some may have certain beliefs and ideas that come to mind at the talk
of these potentially unethical skills. Used car salesmen and experiences
with pushy scammers stick out to you more than how 100% of the
population unconsciously manipulates one another with the same methods.
The world’s most successful people are those that use unethical skills in an
ethical manner. Everyone has a dark side, and if you don’t integrate that
dark side through skills like marketing and sales, you will go on to
manipulate others in a way that contributes to collective regress. Rid
yourself of your illusory beliefs and channel the skills you acquire toward
your ideal future.Marketing is how you craft a message that is attention-grabbing, relevant,
and valuable for a specific person or identity. Identity houses their goal-
centric perspective, houses the perception of their problems. Sales is a
process for making people aware of their problems, showing them how that
problem is impacting their lives, and presenting a solution to achieve their
goals.
The best way to understand these evergreen skills is through a
transformation. That’s what people want. Humans have a desire for more,
and to accomplish that, they must evolve. On the Universal scale, a story is
a transformation. Music is an audible story. A sculpture is frozen music.
Humans find meaning in transformations, and if you want to gather people
that find value in what you have to offer, base the message you put out
around an implied “before and after” with a clear path in between.
All good stories start with a problem that opens a curiosity loop to capture
attention. Once they’ve hooked the reader, they agitate the problem, relate
with them through personal experience, and provide a potential solution that
proves it can help them achieve the transformation they desire. You can
notice this pattern by observing any form of media with a conscious mind.
Look for implied problems, pains, solutions, and benefits that form a soft
story structure. Look beyond the literal.
Now, we don’t want people to see your valuable message and not change
their behavior in a positive manner. If your message does not influence
another’s actions, it falls short of impact. But don’t think that you must
push them toward action. Your ideas can help form their worldview in a
way that influences their positive decision-making over weeks, months, and
years. This is where gamification comes into play, as games are just guided
stories. You don’t push your worldview, you illustrate it with a well-
articulated message and let people make their own decisions.
When we dissect the concept of a game, we uncover the structure of a
valuable message. Every player is at their own experience level. They each
have their unique strengths, weaknesses, likes, and dislikes. And theyoscillate between unawareness and awareness of the problems and solutions
available to them for their current situation.
There are other aspects of games, like incentives to progress, but the point
is that people want to win the game. If you can position your value in a way
that helps them do that, they will help you win the game you are playing in
return.
Now, understand that there is more than one player at any given level of the
game. A majority of them are in the beginner stage, less in the intermediate,
and few in the advanced. A natural hierarchy.
Not only that, but you must consider the hierarchy of goals that you are
guiding people through. Your message will need to be carefully crafted
depending on where people can view it. If more people can find your
message, like on social media, it will start broad and at a beginner level.
Then, it is your job to guide those that want to be guided toward the
intermediate and advanced levels.
Your job is to understand a specific group of people, study their problems,
reflect on your experience from solving your own, and create a solution in
the form of a product to help them reach the next stage. As you create and
execute on the purpose, path, and priority framework from earlier, you will
have the perfect marketing strategy laid out for you. The purpose is the
specific result you are marketing toward people. Your path is the solution
for getting there (which took trial, error, and experience to create). The
priority is the burning problem your potential customer must solve in their
life. When you build, market, and sell to yourself, you create a niche of one
that others struggle to compete with.
With a shared goal, clarity on how to reach it, and guided action, you create
a frame that both you and your potential customer can operate within. You
have already experienced the lows and highs; now you must guide others
through them.
The valuable message you craft should educate, entertain, and inspire others
to solve their problems and actualize their potential. But you need a way toget this message in front of people.
THE MEDIUM
In life, discipline equals freedom. In business, distribution equals freedom.
Distribution is the process of sending and receiving value, free or paid.
In the digital age, distribution is no longer limited to a physical location
with limited customers and high overhead. Nor is it limited to where you
can ship a physical product. Both of those still work, of course, but they
strip the power away from the individual.
Today, individuals can publish anything for the world to see, build an
audience small or large, and monetize their skills, beginner or advanced.
But this is only possible if you zoom out to observe, study, and understand
the great online game.
The back end of the internet is code, and the front end is media. Coding is a
great high-value skill to learn, especially when paired with marketing
know-how, but we will be focusing on the creative aspect of business.
Distribution comes from the combination of media and code. Technical
know-how, paired with the ability to articulate your value, is how anyone
can earn an independent income.
Social media is the most accessible form of distribution of a message at
zero cost. Beyond that, there are website builders, blog and membership
platforms, and organizational tools that can be used as digital real estate for
a message that holds more depth. I often think about how this technology
would have been used by our favorite ancients, masters, artists, and
thinkers. They would have been ecstatic about the creative potential it
offers. There are thousands of public figures and thought leaders we love
today, and that only makes me sad for the voices of the past that were
stifled because they lacked distribution.The mediums for distributing your message are writing and speaking.
Writing is the vehicle for articulated thought and communication. It is the
medium for putting your message in front of those that can adopt the
perspective it presents and operate within that shared reality. Marketing and
sales allow you to craft a valuable message. Writing and speaking allow you
to distribute that message. Study them all and you won’t need to worry
about money, replacement, or your career.
From that writing, or without it, you can speak in public or on video to
bring a new dimension to your message. Speaking brings a new dimension
to writing, but I will spare you the technical details. Start with writing, as it
will only enhance your ability to speak in the future. With the right message
and a tactical strategy for the platform you are using, attracting readers,
customers, or like-minded individuals isn’t too far out of reach.
If you don’t have the ability to get your message, in any form, in front of a
specific group of people, how are you going to make an income for
yourself?
No matter the size of your business, and whether or not you want to frame
the value you have to offer as a business, you need people and a product.
Your message and chosen medium – multiplied by the power of the internet
– bridge the gap between people and product.
This alone is what led to the destruction of my past businesses. I was too
focused on perfecting my product but didn’t prioritize getting that product
in front of people that cared about the product. Even further, I didn’t realize
that I could attract and nurture a community of people to the point of
becoming customers through my writing.
“Business” holds a lot of negative connotations that manifest as limiting
beliefs for most people. Business is just getting paid for your contribution to
the future, hopefully a better one, by whatever means you have available to
you. The internet is available to almost everyone.
These principles reflect on more planes than business. When trying to find
an ideal partner, or just trying to make friends, you need people and aproduct. If you, the product, are valuable but not putting yourself in front of
people, you won’t make any “sales.” If you aren’t valuable, but are putting
yourself in front of people, it’s the same story.
In social situations, your value is communicated as a message through the
medium of speaking. You must capture, hold, and deliver on the attention
you receive from them. If the message is not framed under a shared
perspective that houses a hierarchy of goals, it will be difficult for the
conversation to lead to mutual benefit. If your selves don’t have
commonalities to gain interest in, the conversation will die out.
The same is true for business but writing reigns supreme as the medium to
articulate your message at the start. From that increasing level of
articulation, your thoughts will become less jumbled, and the power of your
speaking will increase with it.
If you can think, write, and speak to solve a problem for a specific
individual, you become powerful. Use that power as you wish, but I would
encourage you to use it for the good of humanity. That seems to be the only
logical reasoning for earning an ethical independent income.
RESULTS-ORIENTED SKILLS
In this ever-evolving world, value exchange will never go out of style. If
you can write, speak, market, and sell, you can adapt to the current
landscape by learning results-oriented skills.
Results-oriented skills are how you apply your message and medium of
choice. They are the vessel for distributing your value. The message and
medium are evergreen, while results-oriented skills change with the
landscape. You must keep your finger on the pulse of advancements in your
interests so that you don’t fade out as time progresses.
Before the Industrial Revolution, we used our hands to create tools,
products, and services to exchange with others within our community. Theones that understood their nature – human nature – were the ones that could
turn dirt into gold. After the Industrial Revolution, technology saw an
exponential leap in production capacity. We spotted problems, created
solutions, and distributed those solutions to the specific groups of people
that needed them. If they had perceived value to exchange in return, like
money, even better.
As time went on, distribution systems became more efficient. Companies,
individuals, and businesses of all sizes began advertising their message on
billboards, in direct mail, and vehicle graphics. Some opted for general
marketing in television commercials, while others aspired to be on the front
page of magazines.
In the Digital Revolution, things have drastically changed and less than 1%
of the internet population has caught on. Instead of physical letters, we send
emails and instant messages. Instead of large meetings, we have video calls.
Instead of serving our physical communities, we attract and serve those that
we can serve best through a compelling message.
As with every unit of mind, the digital plane of business transcends and
includes its predecessors. We still utilize past business principles, but they
have been made more effective with the creative emergence of the internet.
You no longer have to jump through hoops and ladders with a mountain of
cash as leverage. Deep thinkers can write a book without a publisher.
Musicians can spin tracks without a record label. Fitness specialists can
market their coaching packages without being one of a few hundred people
that have made the cover of Sports Illustrated.
Instead, you stack skills, build digital leverage, and adopt the mindset of
radical self-reliance. Business principles (marketing, sales, writing, and
speaking) should be mandatory education for every individual, because in
the future of work, they will determine your success.
These results-oriented skills are subject to change, but email marketing,
graphic design, videography, photography, editing, animation, automation,and social media are but a few results-oriented skills that allow us to apply
our message to the current landscape with our medium of choice.
These not only apply to your own business or life’s work, but to others. All
brands, creators, and students have problems that they want solved in their
personal and professional lives. When you stack results-oriented skills with
the evergreen skills, you can practice on your own business and create a
product or service for another.
If you invest the time it would take to get a degree in building an email list
of 50,000 like-minded readers, that’s twice the capacity of what a
professional football stadium can hold. Now, if you craft a persuasive
message, write a few emails, and promote a product that you’ve created as a
solution to your own problems, I would not be surprised if you made the
average United States salary in a month, minimum.
Of course, this does not prevent you from generating a creative income
from the start. You don’t need a massive readership, but I would encourage
you to prioritize building one that can sustain your lifestyle without time-
consuming labor. You will need to start small and manual. Get your name,
message, and products in front of as many eyes as possible. I can give you
tactics all day long, or you can learn the lessons through experience. Trial
and error will teach you the same lesson as the masters because that is how
they learned it.
If you have value to offer, you can use your knowledge to craft a persuasive
message and send it directly to anybody on the internet, even celebrities. I
wouldn’t recommend targeting celebrities, because there has to be an equal
exchange of perceived value for them to even consider responding to you.
But it may be worthwhile targeting someone whose business presents a
challenging problem that matches your skill.
“Luck” is a percentage that increases with the amount of people that know
your value. Your value reflects the level of challenge you can take on. The
level of challenge determines your profitability. Start small, help the fewpeople that you can, and with a far time horizon you can impact more
people than you thought was possible.
CREATIVE PROBLEM-SOLVING
One percent of fifty years is 6 months, and most people can’t commit to the
uncertain path for more than 2 weeks. All of this takes time, a lot of time,
and anyone that says otherwise isn’t looking out for your best interest. Only
you can do that.
As you are pushing the boundaries of the known, finding fulfillment in the
challenging problems that present themselves, and shining the light of
awareness in the unknown, you increase the volume of your domain of
mastery.
Here’s a thought experiment. There are 4 small circles that form the outline
of a square, each of them in 4 corners. These circles represent health,
wealth, relationships, and happiness; the 4 eternal markets. These are where
all burning, and profitable, problems exist.
As you develop yourself within these domains, the circles increase in
diameter until they begin to overlap like a Venn diagram. Each of these
circles can be considered a field of awareness. You are knowledgeable of
each domain and able to piece together a creative solution to common
problems. Let’s set those aside for a minute and create a new set of circles.
This time, they represent the evergreen skills: writing, speaking, marketing,
and sales. The same thing happens. As you cultivate these skills, awareness
overlaps and you can solve problems at the intersections while specialists
are focused on one small circle.
Next, apply the same thing to results-oriented skills. As you learn 1, 2, 3, 4
applicable skills, because improvement never ends since entropy never
sleeps, you begin to compound your creative problem-solving abilities.The last piece of this puzzle is personal interests. Most people never have
the thought of making a living doing what they love because they are
missing awareness of the eternal markets, evergreen skills, and results-
oriented skills that allow them to navigate the business landscape.
Now, any of the above can be considered personal interests of yours.
Curiosity is powerful, and I would be disappointed if those skills did not
excite you for a potential future. But we can create one last square of
growing circles that represent your personal interests.
In my case, I gravitated toward spirituality, philosophy, metaphysics, and
human potential. When I connect this last piece to the other 3 sets of
squares we’ve created, it forms 4 walls in the shape of a cube. We can place
a problem in the middle of that cube, navigate the outer edges for creative
firepower, and piece together a unique solution that may one day be worth
millions of dollars.
Money, of course, is a byproduct of your life’s work. Money matters,
especially in this day and age, but there is a way to find meaning in this
fabricated resource. Your personal interests can be anything. Do not
outsource your curiosity to me. The interests you choose will begin to form
a philosophy behind your work as you trek on the path of mastery.
Nothing happens, then everything happens. When the outer edges of your
multidimensional fields of awareness touch, it’s like the missing piece of an
infinite puzzle. At first, you can’t tell what the image is, but once the right
piece clicks into place, you solidify a leap in understanding. Too many
people quit before this phenomenon occurs. They believe that
understanding is linear when it’s exponential. One day you have zero
dollars, clients, or confidence and the next you have an abundance of them
all.
When the image of the puzzle is clear, you can observe the story of others,
identify their missing piece, and help them fill the gap. All of this sounds
great, I’m sure, but let’s make it even more practical.You need a real-world project to act as a vessel for your exploration of the
unknown. A project helps narrow your focus on one achievable goal, brings
clarity to your actions, and encourages true learning through struggle.THE PROJECT
One pattern I’ve noticed in my life is that I’ve always carved out time to
build something of my own. Things like schoolwork, client work, and even
projects assigned to me on a job were necessary, but they didn’t bring me
the fulfillment I was looking for. Having a perpetual stream of evolving
personal projects to work on first thing brought novelty to my days. The
discoveries, insight, and progress that I made across multiple domains was
the source of my zest for life.
To find the fulfillment that assigned projects can’t provide, you must go
inward, because someone can’t give you what is meant to be a conscious
personal creation. You need to know what you want because if you don’t,
someone will tell you what you want, and you will believe it.
From that meaningful goal, we can perceive our problems from a higher
perspective. This is where most people go wrong. They want the problem to
go away in an instant. So, they fail to gain clarity on the path to
achievement, become overwhelmed, and get stuck in a negative thought
loop.
Instead, we want to approach our hierarchy of goals like we would a grade
school science project. The essence of the scientific method is to form a
hypothesis, identify a problem, research how to solve it, document your
discoveries, refine your system, and publish the solution.The solutions that you create for any area of your life can be used in 2
useful ways. The first is to free up mental energy in your life so you can
build something deeper. The second is to pass along your solutions to those
that want to be helped. Either to raise the collective consciousness, make an
income, or both.
Through structured self-experimentation, your dreams become inevitable,
and you create more serendipity in your life. Now, we don’t have to stop at
one-off projects. A project is a unit of mind, and we can layer them for even
more impact.
You are the infinite project. You are your life’s work. You improve yourself
by pursuing a hierarchy of goals, each of those goals being a project in and
of itself that can be used, shared, or monetized.
If you are the project, and each subsequent project presents a certain level
of challenge that can be met with lifelong learning, your life is structured
for maximum and sustained enjoyment. You will be forced to step into the
unknown, where your nervous system signals that you are experiencing a
meaningful event. When your life becomes a process rather than an
outcome, the perception of your daily life reflects that, and your suffering
decreases. Each level of challenge that you surpass allows you to educate
those under you that are facing the same. Projects only live on as long as
their impact is spread.
Note that this introduces a similar phenomenon as designing our ideal
lifestyle. When our string of projects and who we want to become align, our
attention narrows on the survival of each project, and the power of the
unconscious mind sends resources to help.
As we complete, publish, and iterate on our projects, we increase the
complexity of the self. At each level of mind, your perspective expands to
match, and you can relate to reality in a less-selfish manner.
From this higher perspective, our goals evolve, and the host of problems
that accompany them become more meaningful to solve. Once you’ve
mastered your survival to the point where it consumes a marginal amount ofmental energy, you can focus your attention on the creative impact of your
mind.
HOW TO LEARN
The source of learning is struggle, not memorization. Learning is the
process of turning knowledge into understanding, and the lowest points of
your life are those where a stackable lesson presents itself, but only if you
apply it in reality.
Knowledge compounds, and without quality ideas, struggle, and time, you
will fail to reach new levels of understanding. Again, this process is not
immediate, and for most, genuine knowledge creation is an impossibility
until they wake up. The problem is the attitude that schools approach
learning with. At a young age, the act of obedience without question is
tattooed into our psyche. It makes sense why there has been a silent
education revolution on the internet.
The neurotransmitter that most influences our behavior is dopamine.
Dopamine plays an important role in our learning process, and when we
seek to understand it, we can leverage it. From here on, we are assuming
that you have an intention. Intention is the invisible bridge between goal
and action. With a mind that is open to our desired future, we expand our
field of awareness to notice things that will aid in the survival of that future.
What are you aiming toward? Hold that at the top of your mind so you can
recognize and apply lessons directly to that goal.
Novelty, pattern recognition, and the dopamine involved with both are the
next step in our learning endeavors. The easiest way to notice this is to
reread your favorite book. Or reflect on your experience with this book.
When you revisit information from a new level of mind, you notice
resources that didn’t originally catch your attention through novelty.
If your goal, conscious or unconscious, is to buy a new car, certain aspects
of this book will stick out to you more than others. Your mind is a magnetfor novel ideas. By design, you collect knowledge that will aid in buying
that new car. If your intention is to misinterpret everything I write so that
you have an excuse to stay the same, that can be dangerous.
For someone that has a different goal, like getting out of the state of
emotional turmoil they are in, they will interpret this book from a
completely different perspective. The same is true for someone that wants
to make more money, get fit, or just entertain themselves out of boredom.
Pattern recognition comes into play with this as well. Once you set your
mind on that new car, or better mental health, you will notice that specific
car, or happy individuals, as you are out and about in the world. Or how
when you learn a new word, you start hearing it more often.
By having a simple intention to act, your signal-to-noise ratio improves
through dopamine. We can see why those that choose the unconscious
modality of living look so miserable. It’s because their attention is being
manhandled by the goals that have been projected on them.
Next, I want to introduce a few universal laws. The Law of Use and the
Law of Inspired Action. These play together in unison and synthesize well
with novelty and pattern recognition.
The Law of Use is simple. If you don’t use it, you lose it. Meaning, if you
do not apply the information you process with your conscious mind,
especially if on an inconsistent basis, then it has less of a chance of
becoming a habitual thought process.
The Law of Inspired Action adds firepower to the information we intend to
apply toward our goals. The novelty and patterns we noticed are more than
likely to inspire us to act, but that inspiration has a short fuse.
So, it makes absolute sense to have some form of idea-capture system for
your projects. Like the notebook you took out to strategize your lifestyle or
a dedicated app in your phone. You won’t be able to execute on any and all
ideas right away. The next best thing is to write it down so you don’t waste
that potential. And no, you won’t remember it without writing it down.To round out our ability to learn, the Protegé Effect is our final piece. In
short, it’s “learning by teaching.” When you teach what you know, and
struggle to articulate certain concepts, you reveal gaps in your knowledge.
Those knowledge gaps are filled through intentional education, novelty, and
pattern recognition. Not only will you spot information that aids in the
pursuit of your goals, but also for the missing pieces you’ve identified in
the pursuit of helping others reach theirs. Teaching what you know,
regardless of how much of an imposter you think you are, is how you
supercharge your understanding of ideas.
Humans learn best when they pursue a goal, encounter a problem, remain
conscious of that problem, notice information that can solve that problem,
rapidly act on that information, and go on to teach what they learn to others.
Whether this was an intentional design by a higher power or not, we can see
how self-development, paired with a sense of mastery, is the path to a life of
meaning, money, and impact.
BECOME A BUILDER
Overabundance of information is like pouring a gallon of murky water
down a small drain. We love to horde theory, orthodoxy, and conceptual
understanding of things without direct experience. Because that means we
would have to do something we perceive as uncomfortable, when we’ve
been conditioned into perceived comfort. Life doesn’t work that way, and
nobody wants to be “that” guy. You know, the one that gives a book’s worth
of advice without understanding your goals and not having done it
themselves.
What you’ll find in most domains is that true experts rarely need guidance.
They used science, theory, and advice to get to the intermediate stage, but
they learned that intuition and direct experience trump all once you get into
the advanced stage. The reason that people don’t realize this is that they are
too attached to the identity they built along the way. The helpful conceptsthey gathered with time gain a shred of sentience and become their puppet
master.
You balance practice and theory by becoming a builder. That is, always
having a project to build in alignment with the theory you are learning
about.
When I was learning design, I started by watching endless tutorials on how
to use a specific software instead of any of the other options available. This
only led to getting stuck in tutorial hell. Learning the principles of design
would have been the traditional route, but even that may leave you with an
endless thirst for information collection without application.
When it came time to put my skills to the test in the real world, I knew
nothing. I was forced to supplement what I was building with specific
tutorials if I wanted to see any meaningful progress. I had wasted weeks of
time “learning” just to end up at ground zero.
Once I realized how much I retained from learning in accordance with a
real-world project, I switched to this method exclusively. If I wanted to
learn how to build a website, I wouldn’t start learning first. I would outline
a project, pull inspiration from a project that I admire, and seek specific
knowledge from beginner to advanced in a way that allowed me to apply
the information immediately. That way, I was forced to encounter struggle
from the very start. I prime my brain to receive an immediate lesson
through my specific research. Once I find the solution to the problem, I get
a “quick win” and start to build momentum into the rest of the project.
Most people learn and learn and learn just to start over when it comes time
to build, because they realize that everything they’ve learned has no direct
use in the project they began. They don’t have a goal-specific lens to
interpret their learnings from.
Success is a game of intelligent imitation, and that’s exactly what this
process allows us to do. If you want to truly learn, theory must brush up
against reality. Start, then learn.SELF-EXPERIMENTATION
The only way to solve your own problems for good is through self-
experimentation.
People forget that their minds are infinitely unique. Yes, our genetic code is
rather similar, but the billions of bits of information you’ve processed in
your lifetime are radically different from others. Every bit was processed in
a microscopic crevice of reality, at a different time, and with prior bits
processed that influence how the next situation will be perceived.
Most people can’t leverage this fact because they aren’t conscious of the
often-prolonged cause and effect of their choices. Instead, they mimic the
latest haircut because it may help attract a tasteful mate. Or they chase after
what’s hot, flashy, or new because everyone else is.
In business, relationships, career development, and anywhere else you need
to stand out, the minor distinctions are what give you an advantage. Solving
problems in your own way is how you stand out in a world of copycats.
Self-experimentation is the opposite of blind trust in a theory, guru, or
belief system. It is the only way to discover what truly works for you and
your infinitely unique needs. For any given problem, there are dozens of
options available to you to solve it. Internalize this, because people are
naturally indecisive. They have difficulty opening their focus beyond their
problems to find a solution that when they do, they get overwhelmed to the
point of doing nothing.
If you have relationship problems, you can go on a retreat to contemplate,
hire a therapist, or try to work it out directly with your partner. No single
option is the best until you piece together a solution that works, but even
that can’t be preached as law to others with a similar problem. Most of the
time, you won’t choose just one of the techniques, but a combination of
parts from trying them all. That is how you create a novel solution to your
own problems that advances progress within that industry.If you have money problems, you can try creating a budget, starting a side
business, or improving your skillset to get a higher-paying job. As you
explore different options, you may find that all of them help. Rather than
seeing your money problems as something that can be solved in one go, you
realize that the solution is in changing minor facets of your lifestyle.
If you have health issues, you can try fad diets like veganism, carnivore, or
keto just to learn that the big-picture principles of nutrition are all the same.
From that enlightened state, you can create the perfectly unique diet plan
that you can adhere to for life (while most regain their weight immediately
after stopping the diet).
If you have self-esteem issues, you can start running, bicycling, or lifting
weights. The danger is in getting trapped in one ideology rather than pulling
truth from all.
With self-experimentation, you are aiming to create a sustainable system
that is conducive to your vision for the future. As your system becomes
more efficient with time and mental energy, that problem ceases to bother
you, and you can invest your focus in problems that require a higher degree
of creativity.
To understand this process of systemization, let’s look at a bodybuilder.
Their goal is to build and retain the most muscle mass possible. To do so,
they go through “bulking” and “cutting” cycles. When they bulk, they
slightly overconsume calories to put the body in a muscle-building
environment. They will inevitably gain some unwanted body fat. We can
think of this as the self-experimentation process. During the bulk, they
reach a threshold. They gain enough body fat to the point of not liking how
they look, feeling slow and sluggish, and having trouble eating the right
amount of food.
When they cut, they slightly underconsume calories to put the body in a fat
loss environment, hopefully one that retains the muscle they’ve built
underneath. They may lose some muscle, but they should achieve a new“peak” physique by the time the cut is over. We can think of this as
systemization.
When you pursue a new goal and a problem presents itself, you try multiple
options to find a solution. You may not find the exact solution immediately,
but you will pick up a lot of useful information. At some point, you bite off
more than you can chew. You start to feel overwhelmed because of the
mental fat you’ve gained. Many are familiar with the cyclical period in their
lives where they feel lost or anxious.
Soon enough, you will need to cut back and rid your life of the things that
aren’t working to solve your problems. Try everything, see what sticks, and
give yourself permission to drop the things that don’t. We want muscle, not
fat, and that muscle is there to stay without much additional effort.
This pattern reflects across all domains. When I was pushing for business
growth and hitting new monthly highs in revenue, I would work longer
hours, try new tactics, create new products, and move as many levers as I
could. I put my business in an environment conducive to growth through
my season of intensity.
I knew there would come a time when I had to cut back to 4-hour workdays
and my ideal lifestyle. When I did, the business muscle that was built in my
endeavors revealed a new monthly baseline revenue.
This is how you solve all the problems in your life. Identify a problem,
experiment with different solutions, and drop everything that isn’t
sustainable. If you can’t see yourself doing it every single month, week, or
day, it doesn’t belong as a habitual part of your life.
PROJECT TO PRODUCT
Everyone is an entrepreneur; some just choose to get paid for the problems
they solve in their personal life. Problems are best solved with a personal
project and self-experimentation. You become an entrepreneur when youtake your projects public. And remember, you are the ultimate project. The
exchange of goods is the foundation of human connection regardless of
generation, gender, race, or type of good being exchanged.
In modern times, money is an important resource for the proper function of
our everyday lives. It is the lifeblood of society, and it is your job to earn
and spend in areas that you want to bring to life. As problems continue to
be solved, the emergence and development of a more advanced digital
currency is unfolding before our eyes. Money is a valuable resource for
everyone who does not have it, and those that want it only need the skills to
exchange for it. Unless you want to disconnect from any social interaction
and attempt to survive in the woods, you need money. No amount of self-
righteous preaching about how money is “evil” is going to change that. If
you want to participate in the incredible advancements of our times, you
will have to contribute to humanity through business and value exchange.
All profitable products start as a project whether the intention to sell is there
or not. If you want to generate a creative income, you will need to sell a
valuable product. And what’s a better starting point than a personal project
that solves a burning problem that all living beings encounter?
Now, I want to make it clear that I am using “product” as a blanket term for
“what you sell.” This can be a physical or digital product or service. It
makes sense to start off as a freelancer, consultant, or tutor with the systems
you’ve developed. Once you have distribution and leverage under your own
name, you can turn that proven system into a product that sells while you
sleep.
Most people wait to start a business until they have the perfect plan that
holds no meaning to them. Others have an unconscious relationship with
money that leads them to believe that “selling” is bad. Yet, they go on to
work for a massive corporation that exploits their employees to sell a
product. Or they don’t realize that they are selling their ideas, beliefs, and
worldview during every single interaction. If you don’t sell your own
product, you will be forced to sell someone else’s.Success is counterintuitive, and if you want out of the societal dominator
hierarchies, you will have to create a product. There isn’t any other way.
This method of turning your personal projects into a product is one method
of many but is an incredible starting point for those that want to discover,
pursue, and evolve their life’s work without venture capital or investing
their life savings.
Not to mention, people get wrapped up in worrying about saturation,
competition, and product market fit. This method bypasses all of them by
leveraging the most unique thing on this planet: you.
After a plethora of freelancing and e-commerce business failures, wasting
tens of thousands of dollars on sample products, paid advertisements, and
business courses with an ever-growing student debt, I saw my first success
in web design. I’ll spare you the details of the journey. The notable aspect
was that I started out of curiosity. I had always wanted to do something
creative, and my field of awareness at the time allowed me to register and
research web design.
I built projects for my previous business attempts, like freelance
photography, and offered to build projects for my family and friends. Of
course, if I could go back, I would change the way I did things, but that’s
why I’m writing this book. To pass on my lessons.
The logical transition for those web design projects was to become a
freelance web designer, so that’s what I did, and I solved the problems that
presented themselves until I made a sustainable full-time income. First, I
had no idea how to land clients, so I studied and experimented with
multiple techniques I could find on the internet. Second, I realized that a
single skill wasn’t enough to get the results that would allow me to charge
higher prices, so I started learning marketing, sales, and writing. Third, I
knew that I couldn’t increase my income beyond a certain point with
manual client acquisition, so I started building distribution by posting
content in public to attract a following. By solving those 3 problems over
the course of a year, I gained more specific knowledge (and made more
money) than my 4 years at college would ever allow me to.If I had known at the time, I could have gone straight into consulting or
tutoring. Specific people prefer to do things themselves; others prefer to
have it done for them. I prefer to teach, so my business endeavors evolved
to reflect that. I gained experience by solving my own problems and
eventually went on to teach what I’d learned in my freelance web design
business.
Notice how I didn’t close my mind off to something less limited than a
singular skill like web design. Many new entrepreneurs identify with a skill
or interest rather than the problem they are solving. A skill is a tool that
solves a problem that births passion. Be open to improving your skill stack
or accept that the path is going to be more difficult than it needs to be.
As I acquired new skills and reflected on the problems in my business,
marketing consulting was my next purpose. I despised doing manual work
for local business owners, targeted individuals who were more like me, and
used my skill stack to create a service that would benefit their professional
lives.
This is when I began to understand the raw power of the internet. I started
my creator journey, began attracting an audience with my interests and
expertise, and had clients coming to me. I had escaped the feast-or-famine
cycle that a majority of freelancers get trapped in.
Soon enough, I had the distribution necessary to decrease the amount of
client work I took on. I was solving the problem of productivity in my life
and decided to create my own planner.
Through self-experimentation, I purchased 3 different planners, obsessed
over the latest productivity advice, and tested them all in my daily routine.
Some things worked well, some didn’t. The things that did, I added to the
planner design.
I had no idea what stood ahead in the unknown domain of print
manufacturing, but I figured it out one step at a time. Weeks later, I had the
first sample planner in my hand. The feeling of building your own thing is
incredible. I hope you experience it one day.After 3 years of evolution, I had built multiple digital products, trashed
them, created new ones, trashed them again, and before I knew it, I had a
multimillion follower distribution network and a hyper-profitable product
stack that would sustain creative endeavors like writing this book.
The first lesson of this brief story is that there is always a better problem to
solve. Most people solve a grueling problem in their life, settle for the
solution that was created, and remain isolated in that bubble of grueling
effort. More is better, but only when backed by a sense of mastery. The
second lesson is that my products started as projects in my life. I wanted to
improve my productivity, so I experimented with different solutions,
created my own, and distributed it with my marketing, sales, writing, and
speaking skills.
The path to the good life is simple: actively pursue your ideal lifestyle,
create solutions to problems along the way, and get paid for sharing that
solution with others.THE VESSEL
In an ideal world, everyone would be able to sustain their desired lifestyle
doing what they enjoy. But we do not live in that world yet, and human
nature favors the distribution of power through evolving hierarchies.
You can rest assured that a majority of the population has not been exposed
to this information, and information is the primary resource of modern
success. If you wish to do so, you can leverage this opportunity into a
fulfilling life before it becomes the only way of life. That is, everyone
leaning into their entrepreneurial nature to both earn a living and contribute
to the world, from local to Universal.
Human nature reflects that many will choose to stay at the bottom of any
given power hierarchy just because they were conditioned to. But we know
that destiny can be influenced through our daily choices.
With the desire to change, anyone reading this book can leverage modern
technology to not only create an independent income source, but have an
abundance of money, time, and control of attention to focus on the other
important aspects of life.
Everyone should have an understanding of business principles for a few
reasons. One, so that they are not limited in the amount of money they
make. Two, so that they can experience the microcosm of life that businessis. As with all pursuits that seem shallow on the surface, there is a depth of
wisdom waiting to be discovered. It is a deeply spiritual endeavor.
Money is the barrier to improvement in many areas of life. The cliché
advice that “money doesn’t buy happiness” is a half-truth that influences
people to neglect the modern resource that they go on to become a slave to.
Cashflow is often the first problem that should be prioritized, because a lack
of it places a limit on how far any other area of life can be developed.
Long, exhausting hours spent on work that does not align with your values
does not need to be a permanent sentence. It can act as a stepping stone to
acquire skills, build a community, and earn enough to meet your basic
needs. Entrepreneurship is the only logical option for long-term thinkers.
Yes, even to those that love the structure that a job provides.
Entrepreneurship does not eliminate structure but allows you to take a
lifestyle-first approach to creating your own.
People climb corporate ladders because their psyche craves challenge. But
you can only climb so high. The challenge will cease to exist, and unless
you find another source, preferably intrinsic, it would be wise to cut to the
chase and start building your own thing. Entrepreneurship is a process-
focused endeavor with an infinite bucket of challenges that you can pick
and choose.
In a long-winded attempt to prime your mind to receive this lesson, the
internet now demands that you display your value in public. Employers are
hiring based on social media portfolios. Freelancers are working with large
corporations across the globe. Entrepreneurs are leveraging the close-to-
infinite reach of the internet to distribute their creations.
Education is the first step on your journey and there are 3 modalities for
distributing the value you have to offer in the form of a product or service.
This is how you package up your skills, interests, and expertise to join in on
the emergence of the new economy.
To form a foundation, we will be discussing all of this under the lens of
creative, knowledge, and online work. We will not be discussing theinformation you can learn and be trained into by the school system. We
want scale, autonomy, and fulfillment from the systems we are creating
through self-development.
If you’d like to build a massive company, that’s a worthy endeavor. But,
unless you have business leverage in the form of a network or capital, you
shouldn’t be thinking about taking a huge jump into the depths of the
business unknown. All that we talk about can be done as one person. Once
you have leverage, you can start a company from a place of low risk and
high reputation.
First, there is “done for you” work. This includes the realm of freelancing,
consulting, and specialized services, where you are doing the manual labor
for another business, brand, or individual. With the proper strategy, you can
generate a sizeable income. But, if you are a one-man operation, you have a
ceiling on how much you can earn.
Second, there is “done with you” work. This is a similar service-style offer
that includes consulting, coaching, and tutoring. This is where we begin to
earn with the creative ability of our mind, not manual labor. You can reach
new heights as one person, but there is but a slightly higher cap than “done
for you” work.
Third is “do it yourself,” where digital and physical products come into
play. These include courses, subscriptions, software, tools, guides, books,
templates, and programs that distribute, teach, and get results for your
customers with minimal work on your end. The goal is to be able to earn an
income while you sleep. That is the new luxury for the individual of the 3rd
millennium.
You are to experiment with each one according to your experience level,
pivot into the next, and structure your work in alignment with your ideal
lifestyle. Understand that entrepreneurship places everything within your
control. Everything. You can change any aspect of your lifestyle, product
offerings, or the work you choose to do if you perceive it from an evolving
level of mind.“Done for you,” “done with you,” and “do it yourself” style offers can
increase in value and profitability with a developed system that gets results,
a strong reputation behind the person selling it, and the previous results
you’ve gotten past clients and customers.
THE ONE-PERSON BUSINESS
How to start a billion-dollar company: Don’t. Instead, start as one person. If
you can’t turn your interests into income, you don’t have the skill to start a
business that requires 10 times the resources.
Most people have dreams of being the CEO of a successful business but
haven’t managed to be the CEO of their own life. And when they do
manage to run a large business, their finances flourish, but their
relationships, health, and happiness are nowhere to be found.
With 5 years of focused effort, I was able to leverage my self- development
into $10,000, $100,000, $150,000, $800,000, and $3,500,000 in business
revenue year after year with the infinite reach of the internet. These are
rounded numbers. Five years may seem like a long time but remember that
4-year-degrees don’t even guarantee job placement for the disappointing
average US salary. As one person, this is more than enough to sustain any
lifestyle you’d like, no matter the damage inflation creates by the time you
read this book.
I’m not a fan of get-rich-quick schemes, but success is counterintuitive, and
the quickest fix is the longest path. Think about it: if you solve a burning
problem in your life, one that every single person has, and your income is a
direct reflection of the quality of problems you solve, why not start there? It
is the most profitable and meaningful route by all measures and
calculations. There is no use trying to land on Mars when we can’t even live
on this Earth. By solving your own problems and helping others solve their
own, you raise the collective consciousness to the point of everyone solving
problems they are passionate about.You, as an individual, have the ability to attract an audience to your work
and put a valuable product or service in front of them. This product or
service should complement your skill set ranging from consulting,
freelancing, and information in various forms like a course or book,
physical tools or crafts, creative systems, and the rest.
There is a reason you have the interests, skills, and experience that you do.
It would be silly to think that others’ lives wouldn’t benefit from them. You
aren’t special, and that’s the point: there are people just like you that can
benefit from your conscious development.
A modern business can be broken down into 3 core components: brand,
content, and product. Your brand is your story. Your content is a map. Your
product is a game. Even business reflects Universal patterns.
To attract people to your business, your brand will be the first touchpoint. It
must clearly illustrate a desirable goal that others want to achieve –
specifically a goal that you are working toward or have achieved. The skills
and interests you acquire are what make the story toward this goal unique.
Realize that you do not need results to start. People find value in those
documenting their journey to achieve a goal that they have. Not only that,
but you can create a profitable product right now. You can research a
product that you use, create your own, and put a price tag on it. knowing
that you are sticking your hand into a stream that is already flowing.
Most people have the same big goals in life. They want more money, sex,
happiness, and energy. They want a higher-quality experience. But there are
infinite ways to achieve these goals, and you have taken a unique path of
education and action to achieve them. I would encourage you to forge and
distribute a meaningful philosophy behind the surface-level pursuits that
people want.
Content, in the form of media, is how you attract people to your brand
Content can be anything that registers in the awareness of people in real
life, or in our case the internet. Emails, articles, videos, writing, designs,
and the rest distributed to a crevice of digital reality by free or paid means.When crafting the message you wish to distribute with content, you must
take into account the level of mind of your potential audience. Some people
are at the beginning of their story with a plethora of surface-level problems
to solve, so create for them. Some people are one step behind you and need
that final piece to the puzzle, so create for them.
Most of your audience will be beginner level. This isn’t by your design, but
because most of the world doesn’t believe they have the capacity to
improve themselves. Encourage them the most but be sure not to neglect the
others that need a more advanced message.
Most people are mindless consumers of the media that crosses their eyes.
But the silent observers, they reverse engineer, dissect, and research why
that message is so impactful. From the lesson they receive, they can
develop the message they are putting out.
By attracting an audience to your brand, creating a message that shines
awareness on the problems they face and the solutions to solve them, you
set yourself up to generate a creative income with the product you create.
Using what we learned about “done for you,” “done with you,” and “do it
yourself” products and services in the last section, let’s walk through a
business path that allows your life’s work to bloom. The only startup cost is
a commitment to the path.
The easiest way to generate an income is to help people increase their own.
This may seem shallow, but remember, money is the main resource holding
individuals back from personal evolution. By prioritizing your education
around the evergreen skills – marketing, sales, writing, and speaking – you
set yourself up for your first hunt in the wild, wild internet.
This path follows the “learn a skill, teach the skill, sell the skill”
progression. You can either stick with the evergreen skills or learn a results-
oriented skill that is specific to the state of the internet as you are reading
this.You start by learning the skills with methods previously discussed, teach the
skills as the message you use to attract an audience, and lastly, you sell the
skill to those that understand your newly developed expertise. If this doesn’t
make sense, it’s because you haven’t built a project that requires the
evergreen skills.
That is the first option to generating a creative income. From my experience
in consulting, teaching, and working with nearly 10 thousand brands, this is
the fastest path to cash, no gimmicks.
The second option is an evolution of the first. I would recommend that you
start building your independent income source immediately, but some
people want to learn the ropes before they press play. That’s
understandable.
You will need a complete skill stack to progress into this second stage. All
evergreen skills and a few results-oriented skills that you learn as you build
are necessary for this to work.
This style of one-person business is where you quite literally pursue your
goals in public (brand), solve your problems as you are pursuing those goals
(content), and create a system to help others do the same (product).
You are not limited to profitable skills. Instead, you can use those skills to
make your interests profitable. The interests that you became obsessed with
on your path to a big, meaningful goal. Don’t be surprised if your life’s
work becomes more and more clear.
This path does not require mastery in every skill associated with the skill
stack previously discussed. Instead, mastery is developed when you start
building, identify problems, and supplement your building with specific
self-education.
You can create, test, and iterate a freelancing, coaching, or consulting offer
at a low price point. You do not have the experience required to develop and
market an expensive service, so start small as you would anything else
worth improving.The reason we are starting with a service, not a product, is because
generating an income from a low-priced product would be near impossible
from the start without ample money invested in paid distribution, like
advertisements.
With a problem-oriented service and sales know-how, you can generate a
full-time income with 2–4 clients a month, rather than one hundred to five
hundred product sales. As we will learn in the next section, all you need to
do is get the service in front of eyeballs and your name in people’s mouths.
As you work with others, generate results, and attract an audience, you are
well on your way to removing the cap on your income. In most cases, if you
do not grow stagnant, you can outearn most of the “best jobs” you will find
after twelve years of formal education. Considering everything goes right,
which it won’t, you can expect belief-shattering results within 6–12 months
of focus.
With leverage built and an audience unable to invest in a high-cost service,
you can use your previous results to create a product from that service.
When you put it in front of the audience you’ve been nurturing for months
to years, it will sell.
You can choose to stay as one person, or you can use the leverage you’ve
built to start a “real” business. Although, I don’t see why you’d want to
unless you develop a love for building and monetizing impactful projects.
YOU ARE THE NICHE
You have $100,000 trapped in your head. Starting a business is how you
begin to order that information to display its perceived value.
The most profitable niche is you. Your unique skills, interests, and
experience overlap in a way that allow you to solve profitable problems for
people you enjoy working with. The authentic don’t have to compete with
anyone but themselves.In every business course, video, or article I consume, the most apparent
advice is to “niche down.” It makes sense, but pushes people toward
working with people they hate, with a skill they feel locked into, and don’t
have any room to pivot without exhausting the money they use to survive.
Which would sell more? A journal? Or a journal with structured prompts
and bonus accountability sheet for those that struggle with habit formation?
This illustrates the importance of not only having a niche but creating a
system for that niche to improve results. And, you can imagine that the
price point, design, and marketing strategy can be tailored to that niche,
making it easier to find and sell to those people.
The problem is that most people start a full or side business for the sake of
money and money alone. It’s understandable, but we can incorporate
meaning and fulfillment into your pursuit of money without any setbacks.
Keep in mind that I am proposing that you start as a one-person business,
monetize your self-development, and once you are generating a creative
income for yourself, you can choose to start a company and fuel it with the
leverage you’ve built.
The mistake of many is to niche down on solving a problem within a
market. This is great, but a problem is difficult to identify without a goal.
Instead, niche down on a desirable goal that someone else wants to achieve,
create a system for them to get there, and introduce new challenges as you
help them improve their skill set.
This is how you order the minds of your customers, by gamifying your
product or service. In a world where results mean more than credentials,
you must do everything in your power to make your product easy to use,
effective, and transformative. Results are determined by behavior change. If
your customers don’t use your information to better move within the world,
you did not do your job.
If we are meant to provide value to a specific person, or identity, because it
will register best in their current level of mind, why not use the value we’ve
cultivated through our self-development and distribute it from a moreholistic perspective, to help them navigate the unknown faster than we
previously could? This is how you most effectively raise the collective
consciousness.
Picture a graph that represents your path in life. The highs, lows,
achievements, and problems. This represents your story, which makes for a
relatable, trustworthy, and authentic brand. For each low, there is a black
dot that represents a problem. For each high, there is a white dot that
represents an achievement.
At the beginning of the graph lies your commitment to change your life,
and at the end lies your ideal future. For every achievement on this path,
you have the skill necessary to look back and help someone solve the
previous problem with the skill you’ve acquired.
If 5 people were standing at the bottom of a mountain and asked to draw a
path to get to the top, they would all draw different routes. They will
struggle to get to the first peak, but once they do, they can look down and
create a more efficient path for someone else to reach that peak faster.
Understand that you do not have to wait until you reach your ideal future to
help someone that is a few steps behind you. In fact, this is the optimal
position to help someone. A professional tennis player will have difficulty
teaching an absolute beginner if they have not already created, tested, and
refined a system that would get them results.
You are the most profitable niche because what is more specific than this?
Set a goal, acquire the specific skills that will help you face that challenge,
spot and systemize problem-solving, and use that project-turned-product to
help a specific person solve that problem.
As much as we like to think we are the center of the universe, there are
many others like us. They have a similar ideal future, goals along the way,
and interests that can help attract them to your solution.
An objection I get often relating to this claim of “you are the most
profitable niche” is that people won’t be interested in your product orservice if you attract them to your audience with a different interest.
People can become interested in new things, just like you became interested
in them. And if their main desire is an ideal future that is similar to yours,
you can illustrate why a specific interest is important for reaching that
vision.
Most people have a similar vision for their future. The main struggle they
face is finding the skills, interests, and lens in which to view their problems
that align with who they are. So, they resort to the most promising career
path that has been suggested to best fit their personality.
If financial freedom is an aspect of my ideal future, there are infinite paths
to get there. You can choose one of the hundreds of different business
models to increase cash flow, study spirituality to mitigate the stressful
demands of business, and artificial intelligence for automating your
business processes.
This is one example of many but illustrates how you can attract people to
your vision, introduce them to a set of skills and interests that will aid in
their journey, and offer a product that helps them get there faster.
REPRODUCTION THROUGH SPIRIT
The unfocused love to project the mediocre ideas that cloud their mind on
everyone around them, because it’s in our nature. We have the drive to
reproduce, but not only on the physical plane of existence.
Survival and reproduction are consistent across all human beings. Like
conceptual survival of ideology, concepts, and projects, we can leverage
conceptual reproduction to bring more meaning to our lives. In other words,
it feels good to spread ideas that bring positive change to the lives of people
that invest in your message, products, and services.The positive behavior change you spark in others will encourage them to
spread those ideas further. You will impact them, they will impact their
circle, and that circle will impact their own circles until it sweeps
throughout the globe and expands its focus far beyond where you thought
possible.
Think about the people that have had the greatest impact on your life. Is it
because they performed manual work for you? Because they shook your
hand and gave you a pat on the back? Or was it their ideas? The ones that
lived in your head and influenced your behavior toward positive outcomes?
That is the importance of meaningful ideas that prioritize big-picture
understanding. The technical details don’t matter because the real-world
techniques associated with them are individual. What works for them may
not work for you, but the all-encompassing idea remains the same.
Understand that ideas beget execution. You cannot have a better idea if its
predecessor has not already been actualized. If our ancestors did not have
the idea of a field plow and made it real through their ability to create, the
idea of a tractor would be difficult to fabricate.
In your life, if you do not have the idea to improve your health, business, or
relationships, it will be difficult to reach the next stage of development in
each. The problem is with those that lack the clarity to act with focus. We
all know those people with the latest and greatest idea that will shake the
world, but when you ask them about it years later, they have no idea what
you are talking about.
If you have followed the path I’ve laid out for you – that is to solve your
own survival-based problems in the domains of health, wealth, and
relationships – you will near the limits that material can take you.
Your body, and the manual labor associated with it to improve relevant
skills, has its limits. Yet nobody has reached the absolute limits of
knowledge, consciousness, and intellectual capacity. Creativity is infinite,
productivity is finite.You can experience heightened states of creativity along this path but
realize that these are states. They are temporary. They are not your baseline
operating state. When you master your survival, you unlock a stage of
creativity that can carry your personal and professional life to new heights.
Unfortunately, most people stop at this critical turning point in their
development.
This will take time, but I want to prepare you for what’s to come. When you
reach this turning point, you must prioritize intellectual development. That
is how you maintain a sense of mastery behind your hard work.
The cost of ideas is mental development, and the spread of ideas is mental
reproduction. The combination of both creates mental mastery. That is,
having a constant flow of mental energy that impacts the quality of
experience you seek to sustain.
Reading, watching, and listening to information that challenges your current
ideas, beliefs, and philosophies must become a cornerstone habit in your
day, because you may grow attached to those ideas and your self will cease
to make progress. The challenge that this information presents will require a
match in mental skill. This is how you develop your mind toward infinity.
Before the internet, you would interact with at least one-thousand people in
your lifetime. In each of those interactions, each person is attempting to
survive the ideas they hold in their mind through communication. Each of
those one-thousand people will know one thousand more in their lifetime.
Your ideas will pass on even if the impact is insignificant or negative. With
this logic, you are 2 network layers away from impacting 1 billion people
with your ideas for good or evil.
With the emergence of the internet, this is amplified. Information spreads
between hundreds of thousands of people in the blink of an eye and spreads
throughout the digital collective consciousness. Through self-development,
you can accept the responsibility to spread ideas that are conducive to
critical thinking, peace, and progress.Creation and growth are Universal laws that balance out the story of death
and decay. They encompass the process of self-preservation and self-
replication. A panther will defend itself until its demise, but even then will
attempt to replicate itself in the form of offspring. Animals only have the
desire to reproduce the information in their genes while humans have the
desire to reproduce the information in their minds. Remember that these
desires, or desires in general, are not bad. But if you desire to change
something that you can’t, it becomes the source of your suffering. Creation
is the process of changing what you can, which becomes the source of
meaning.
The success of a life form is its ability to take energy from its environment
and channel it toward a purposeful creation. For this to occur, you must
develop an autonomous sense of self that generates its own rules. Those that
only seek to reproduce the information in their genetic code or socially
conditioned mind have little conscious input in the creation of their lives.
The fate of humanity is not guaranteed. The evolution of the collective is
only as powerful as the individuals that comprise it. It is for that reason that
our evolution depends on the individuals you and I create through the
reproduction of information born from conscious personal progress.
If any given self is too comfortable and mindless, they will avoid the
personal challenges that influence the fate of humanity. The information
you pass on to your children, their children, and the other 1 billion-plus
people you interact with ripples throughout the Universe.
We’re not adapted for absolute certainty. The utopian lifestyle that most
people dream of is not sustainable. And they only dream of it because they
crave a break from their certain lifestyle. If society had its way and people
tanned on a tropical beach all day, someone would eventually spark chaos
just to create some interest in their once again certain life. The Universe
demands that lows counterbalance the highs.
For this reason, it is important to choose the chaos you allow into your life.
To pursue something big, meaty, and terrifying that pushes you out of theknown. At the edge of the known, with one foot in the unknown, is where
we are the most alive. Not absolute order nor absolute chaos, but a middle
path where you are engaged with the conversations, education, work, rest,
training, and other challenging situations on the path to your meaningful
goals.
Pursuing big, lofty goals with a clear plan of your creation is how you
discover new potentials for your life. Those new potentials outweigh the
pleasure you can reap from any instant source. Why? Because you can feel
your nervous system signal that the discovery of new potential is worth
your attention.
When you are at your edge, you are at one with reality. This is where the
flow of information is maximized. This is where you discover new insights,
ideas, and perceptions that can be laid as bricks for others to walk on.
The mind and body have the drive to move forward. That is, to know and
discover who we are, where we are going, and why we are going that way.
So we aim for the future, but if we launch too far into the unknown, the
information we perceive is too chaotic. And if we don’t launch far enough,
we are never exposed to the potent information we can replicate.
Be careful, because once you actualize a goal, it becomes known, and
therefore loses the meaning it once held. From this we realize that
happiness is not found at the top of the mountain, but in getting better at
climbing to new peaks of a mountain that is infinitely tall.
A primary source of suffering is knowing that you are meant for more. That
you have something to discover, build, and give but have not started on
your path. Many become victims of the roadblocks in the way of their self-
defined goals, so they fill that time with destructive actions or the certain
pursuit of someone else’s goals.
The way out is to slingshot in the opposite direction. You don’t need
permission to orient yourself with authentic living. To lean into uncertainty,
confront your fear, become stronger, and realize that there is no limit exceptthe ones that you accept. Be brutally honest with yourself about where you
can be in 10 years if you take responsibility for how you move in the world.
Sit with the source of your suffering, the thought that you’re not everything
you could be, and the fact that you know it. Allow it to dig into your soul
and set it on fire. Zoom out beyond your existence, paint a future you want
to create, and focus your attention on authentic action. With a fire in the
belly, invest energy into that future. So much so that a lack of action would
feel like a waste of a million dollars. As you press on, remind yourself that
the game never ends.
VALUE CREATION
I’d like to believe that the unconscious, evolution-aligned intent behind
modern technology, specifically the new society forming in social media,
was to allow us to gain access to information we wouldn’t normally have.
Thus increasing our potential in life.
Information leads to awareness of opportunity. Awareness of opportunity
leads to valuable ideas. Valuable ideas lead to positive behavior change, not
only in yourself, but in others. Positive behavior change ripples from the
individual to community to society and beyond. One can argue that the
spread of valuable information is one of the greatest goods you can do.
Now, manipulation of information can lead to death, destruction, and
getting trapped in your own head. But we are here to focus on the positive
implications of the information age we live in, thus breathing more life into
it.
I want you to understand one thing: Everything is information, or in
formation. Everything is form that arises in consciousness that is the eternal
present moment. Our genetic code is information. Light is information that
our eyes perceive in a way that aligns with our survival. The past, present,
and future states of our lives are the result of information conditioned into
our mind over time.Information is how humans form beliefs that shape our thoughts and go on
to influence behavior. Information is what culminates as tension, or
resistance, that when released leads to discovery, innovation, and creative
breakthrough that ripples throughout the Universe when put to use.
Everyone has the same big goal they are trying to achieve. That is to
increase the quality of their human experience as much as possible. Our
thoughts, emotions, and actions – which are all types of information –
dictate our experience, which is information in the form of feedback.
You see, the human mind needs ordered information to keep itself, well...
ordered. Like sports, religious doctrine, or morning routines. Once we have
the information to play a game well through learning, and then play the
game well that results in experience, that experience will be of higher
quality than if we were fed chaotic information.
There is content and there is consciousness. The structure of the content is
what determines happiness and fulfillment. That content can represent order
or chaos. The latter resulting in poor quality of experience.
This is interesting to note. When people make a big change in their life, like
cleaning up their diet, they usually attribute the uptick in their quality of life
to the diet itself. It plays a role, yes, but I would argue that sticking to a
regimented diet results in an enhanced experience because of the order it
brings to your mind. When you eliminate the possibility of distraction,
which would be junk food in this instance, the frame of your focus is
difficult to penetrate.
While most use information as a way to distract themselves from the
problems in their life (through argument, mainstream news, and flavor-of-
the-day drama), others realize this trap and let curiosity guide them in the
opposite direction.
There is a way to use information for good. That way is to control the
content of your consciousness, guide the content of others’ consciousness,
and increase the quality of life that all parties experience.This is a journey of both self-actualization and self-monetization, which
eventually results in self-transcendence. Increasing your quality of life and
passing down what you’ve learned to do the same for others.
The future belongs to those who occupy the most mental real estate with
their ideas. Manipulators know this and will stop at nothing to act as
collective crabs in a bucket. That is, minds of low development will try to
bring the world down to its level. Minds of high development will try to
bring the world up. We are in the middle of a spiritual war of ideas.
Creative work is the vessel for impacting the minds of others, but don’t be
mistaken, this is a spiritual battle. When you peel back the veil of labels,
limits, and distinctions, everything we do is to transfer our quality of
experience from one to another until we reach the collective experience of
the Universe.
The emergence of the digital plane of reality has perpetuated this issue, and
I hope you feel a sense of obligation to raise the collective consciousness
through the spread of quality information through your medium of choice.
From a high level, every entrepreneur, monk, and subjectively successful
individual understands the importance of tending to the information that
lives in their head rent free. When you read a book, the best ideas are
adopted into your worldview. When you consume social media content, the
same thing happens. Over time we cultivate a perspective and identity that
influences and reinforces itself through our choices.
Whether they be positive or negative, the ideas that occupy collective
mental real estate will influence the progress we make as a species. The
future belongs to those that can capture and hold attention with valuable
information for the most amount of time possible. This is not limited to
people physically looking at you, listening to what you say, or consuming a
product or service they’ve purchased from you. Like an impactful quote,
people can hold information in their mind and give it attention when they
need to make a life decision.To create is to meet the base desire of your psyche, and the experiences that
manifest through focused creation are ones of feeling lost, overwhelmed,
focused, and fulfilled, often in that order.
Creation is the process of hunting for an abundance of raw material,
experimentation, making a giant mess, connecting the dots, and attempting
to package up your findings in a way that is perceived as valuable for whom
it was created.
To become a value creator is not a business model, but a way of life. It is
the simple yet often overcomplicated act of leaning into your nature of
survival, reproduction, and exchange of goods between your community on
the mental plane of existence.
Value creators are obsessive reality explorers. They don’t create to make
money; they make money to create. They research their obsessions and
distill their learnings with articulate writing or speaking that is persuasively
distributed to the public. They get paid for aggregated knowledge and
experience in their products, even if those products aren’t information
products. Lastly, they prioritize education of their attracted community to
the point of positive behavior change.
Value creators dedicate themselves to their interests found in exploring the
unknown, not an interest that was projected on them, because that would
eliminate the unique combination of interests learned, which would
decrease profitability beyond money.
Why does this matter? Because we need passionate individuals to become
experts in their respective domains of mastery. Who else is going to do it?
Will the government (that is intimately tied to the school system) nurture a
curriculum as technology phases out an entire segment of work? Not a
chance.
At the time of me writing this, the “value” space in the new economy is
sadly small. Everyone is focused on flashy gimmicks and cheap
entertainment to hold a mindless audience. Few care about the depth behind
the looks. The looks are important, don’t get me wrong, but they aregroundless without an attached intrinsic philosophy that gives meaning to
what can quickly become a meaningless existence.
We need individuals that can attract and educate the people that resonate
with them, because school curriculums won’t be able to keep up with the
niche advancements of value creators, as they are the first to find, develop,
and create opportunities on the free market.
The future of value will be created by holistic synthesizers. The school
system educates in compartments, when reality is not compartmentalized.
Each department like science, humanities, mathematics, and art each have
their own biases in which they isolate and interpret information with a lack
of regard for the whole.
In this day and age, the problem isn’t a lack of technical expertise, it’s a
lack of wisdom. Wisdom is nuanced and requires development over time.
When you zoom out to adopt the perspective of the Universe, you gain the
understanding needed to piece together a creative solution that can hone in
on a technical problem.
If you accept this path, you will be criticized. You will contradict yourself
because life requires change. You will feel lost quite often. Don’t forget that
it isn’t supposed to be any other way. If you haven’t yet created
sustainability in your life, the only other way to achieve it is by someone
else’s creation.
To reiterate the entirety of this path, there are a few things to keep in mind.
First, seek to understand and experience the patterns of the Universe; they
can teach you more than any words, form, or interpretation. Notice how it
ebbs and flows. Across all planes of reality, there is creation, destruction,
give, take, birth, and death with an invisible glue holding it all together that
we call spirit.
Second, and as you experience the full range of the human experience, align
your decisions with the perspective of your ideal self. This is done through
creating an actualization hierarchy of goals, moving forward, moving back,
learning, and solving problems that reflect on a Universal level. You are theUniverse, but there are many limitations you have accepted that prevent you
from realizing who you are. You burst through these limitations by making
progress and doing the inner work necessary to avoid getting lost in the
game.
Third, and from an elevated state of consciousness, harness the creative
ability of your mind to build holistic projects that contribute to humanity,
even if on a small scale. Hunt for ideas and build with your own 2 hands.
Make the immaterial material. Turn dirt into gold. Become a massive value
creator in a world that is desperate for depth.
At the root of it all, leave your dent in the world through the art of focus.RESOURCES & INSPIRATION
LEO GURA–ACTUALIZED.ORG
Leo has been a pillar in deconstructing and reshaping my worldview. He
creates long, thoughtful, and in-depth content on everything from
metaphysics to spirituality to psychology and everything required to self-
actualize. I highly recommend diving into his YouTube videos for the next
2–3 years.
MIHALY CSIKSZENTMIHALYI
Every single book from Mihaly expanded my perspective on what it takes
to live an enjoyable life. He is the pioneer of the “flow” philosophy. If you
want a starting point for reversing “psychic entropy,” read his book Flow.
DAVID DEIDA
Deida has been foundational in allowing me to notice spiritual patterns in
more than just emotional intelligence. His main focus is masculinity, whichhas helped me, but watching him bring Universal teachings to that domain
has opened room for me to do the same in business.
ECKHART TOLLE
The Power of Now and A New Earth by Tolle were my first introduction to
non-ideological spirituality. They helped me transcend atheism and eased
my way into a recontextualization of God. As someone who was
indoctrinated into Mormonism as a child, this was a difficult internal
journey.
KEN WILBER
Ken’s integral model pieced many things together in my mind. Before
finding his books A Brief History of Everything and Kosmic Consciousness,
I had an unsolidified understanding of what reality is. I now have a mental
model by which I can make sense of the nonsensical.
NAVAL RAVIKANT
Naval’s succinct writing and speaking helped me to see wealth and
happiness from a big-picture perspective. His style is one that I continue to
emulate. Not to be like him, but to bring depth, meaning, and intention to
every sentence I write.
ALAN WATTS
Whenever I am at a low point in life, I will fall asleep to Alan Watts’
lectures at night. Like magic, my worries decrease in intensity the next day.
Watts is able to illustrate the mystical perspective of reality like no other.ANTHONY DE MELLO
In his book Awareness, De Mello helped me understand what true
spirituality is. At first, I used spirituality as a crutch. I wore it as a badge of
honor. If I could recommend one book to read for the rest of your life, with
the goal of being happy, this would be it.ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Dan Koe’s journey began at a young age. He was raised in a religious
household. As he was forced to attend church, many teachings didn’t sit
right with him. This was the start of his questioning, but not limited to
religion. The questioning extended into his family life, observations of
society, and why people seemed so miserable, both on the surface and in
their souls.
He continued to ask these questions: Why does everyone regurgitate the
same dodgy answer when I ask a valid question about their beliefs? Why is
everyone unhealthy, overweight, and angry when the actions to prevent that
are obvious? Why does everyone choose to work a dead-end job, then go on
to complain about it in their free time? Just like anyone else, they have the
ability to learn about new skills and opportunities, right? Why do couples
argue, resent each other, and allow that to infect the minds of their childrenwho go on to do the same? Why do so few people achieve greatness? What
is the primary dysfunction holding them back from changing their identity,
beliefs, and actions? Why does everyone follow the same path of going to
school, getting a job, and retiring with just enough money to survive? Can’t
they see that they are being trained into the same life as everyone else?
At an early age, Dan became obsessed with self-education. The first topic
was fitness. He saw that if he lived in his body, it only made sense to make
it his full-time job to learn about it. Dan found solace and community in the
online fitness space. He learned from those posting internet content.
As you can tell, Dan took it on as his responsibility to determine his own
future. He did go to a 4-year university, but that didn’t work out too well.
After switching his area of study multiple times, he wasted tens of
thousands of dollars after 4 years. Not to mention he still had 2 years left to
complete his degree. It was at this point that he took an introduction to web
development class. The tech industry was promising at this point in time.
Dan could either get a high-paying job with (or without) a degree, build his
own software business, or freelance for those that needed that service.
These options sparked enough excitement for Dan to resort to online
courses. He spent hours outside of class learning web development and
building projects. In the span of 2 weeks, he had learned the entire college
course curriculum. He was able to ace the class without showing up for it.
Now, Dan was disillusioned with the conventional education system. He
proceeded to drop out of university and make a promise to himself. He
would either forge his own path or die trying. Getting a traditional 9–5 job
became the bane of his existence and fueled his vision.
Over the next few years, Dan attempted to build a sustainable income
source with fitness coaching, photography, digital art, search engine
optimization, multiple e-commerce stores (that his father helped him invest
thousands of dollars in, but he lost that money), social media marketing,
web design, and a handful of other side hustles that sounded promising.Dan had been working part-time at fast food chains, commercial gyms, and
a local print shop during this period. Toward the end, he began to lose his
wits due to not making any meaningful money from his pursuits. Did he go
against his values, accept his fate, and become a cog in the machine? Or
does he push through and potentially become homeless? He was living with
7 other guys in an old house at this time. Rent was low, so he was okay, but
the pressure was growing. After consulting with confidants, he decided to
apply to a web design job with the skills he had acquired through previous
self-education. He got the first job he applied to.
What Dan thought to be the end of his life was just the beginning. The job
revealed his business blind spots. He studied what they did differently and
was able to discern why the business was successful. With a newfound fire
in the belly, he pushed all of his projects on the job to the end of the week.
Every morning, he would show up and work on acquiring customers for his
own web design agency. Nothing happened, then everything happened, and
Dan began to see his investment of failures pay off. He grew his business to
6 figures as one person in less than twelve months.
Since that time, Dan quit his job and expanded his business. He distilled the
lessons he learned in business, self-development, and the spirituality
necessary to navigate hardship via internet content. As he grew a following,
he made new discoveries. The internet had evolved in a way that would
shake the old economy as we know it. Dan saw the potential of education as
a means to positive human behavior change. He built an education business
around his story, grew to millions of followers, and still felt as if he was
misunderstood.
The modern business landscape is shallow and manipulative. The future
belongs to purpose-driven individuals that raise the collective
consciousness. Social media is the collective consciousness being
documented in real time. Business is no longer a vessel for only money, but
purpose and impact. Dan’s one-person business philosophy is holistic. It has
gone on to change the perspectives of those that want to build their ideal
future doing what they love. What used to be an old marketing tactic is nowa possibility for many. Doing what you love is no longer a pipedream, and
Dan has proven that with his students’ results.
These discoveries led to Dan writing his first book, The Art of Focus, to
tackle the connections between self-development, modern entrepreneurship,
metaphysics, mechanics, and psychology. Dan continues to push into the
unknown so he can shape the future of work, rest, and play.THE MEANING BEHIND THE
SYMBOL
The symbol, named The Foci, is composed of 3 concentric circles. One
large, one small, and one in between. Like a bullseye or target.
The Foci is representative of focus. Not the shallow interpretation that is
only associated with deep work, but the foundation of life itself as
illustrated in the book.
There are 3 potential meanings for this symbol, but they are all synonymous
in most cases.
1) PURPOSE, PATH & PRIORITY
The first interpretation is the most practical. It is the Universal principle to
order the mind of yourself and others. To set your mind on something
beyond yourself; create clarity with a path, plan, or strategy; and prioritize
the problem that must be solved.
This can be used for visualizing your future, making an important decision,
or crafting a product that will transform the lives of others.Use the symbol to remember this framework when you feel lost,
overwhelmed, or in a chaotic state of mind.
2) YOU, THE KNOWN & THE UNKNOWN
The second interpretation is to encourage you to push beyond your limits.
To educate yourself, use what you know, and push into the unknown; the
land of infinite potential.
The symbol can help you avoid getting trapped in the known. If you stay
there for too long, you don’t need to wonder why life is boring,
monotonous, and lacks purpose.
3) YOUR PERSPECTIVE, THE PERSPECTIVE
OF YOUR IDEAL SELF & THE PERSPECTIVE
OF THE UNIVERSE
The main difference between those perceived as successful and those
perceived as failures are their life direction. The outcome of their lives,
where they are now, is the product of the uncountable decisions they made
at any given moment.
When you zoom out to view situations from a more holistic perspective,
good decisions become seamless.
Use the symbol as a reminder to view situations from the perspective of
both the Universe and your ideal self.TURN YOURSELF INTO A
BUSINESS
Start, grow, and monetize a one-person business
using the knowledge in your head (while working
less than 4 hours a day)
Modern education is failing to provide curious individuals with a career
path that makes long-term sense.
The only logical answer is to build your own thing, but:
• You don’t know how to merge what you love talking about with a
profitable product or service.
• You don’t understand the ins and outs of building a readership,
packaging the knowledge in your head, and selling it via the
infinite scale of the internet.
• You feel like most business models are sleazy and lack purpose.
If you fall into one of those categories, it’s time to revamp your education.
Digital Economics is a modern school that teaches the principles and pillars
of purpose-driven businesses.• Brand – so you can attract followers to your vision for the future.
• Content – so you can build leverage by writing about your
interests.
• Product – so you can solve your own problems and sell the
solution.
• Promotion – so people actually know you exist, so you can get
paid.
For templates, proven systems, and a revolutionary curriculum for the
future of work, go to: https://digitaleconomics.school to enroll.