SOURCE: https://bensettle.com/blog/free-interview-with-a-list-copywriter-david-deutsch/
AUTHOR: David Deutsch
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 22:43:14
================================================================

Ben Settle

≡ Menu

Home

Contact

Email Players Issue & Mobile App

Testimonials

Ben Settle

Free Interview With A-List Copywriter David Deutsch

Got another free copywriting interview for everyone.

Here’s how to claim it:

By now, you may have heard about A-Level copywriter David Deutsch’s upcoming free tele-seminar series.

This one-time series of weekly teleconferences will feature 18 of the world’s top copywriters and marketers including:

Jay Abraham

Joe Sugarman

Dan Kennedy

John Carlton

Joe Vitale

Clayton Makepeace

Bob Bly

Yanik Silver

Matt Furey

Michel Fortin

David Garfinkel

Ken McCarthy…

… and a few other high-paid copywriters you will recognize.

It’s a true “all-star” lineup, to say the least.

Frankly, I doubt anything this valuable has ever been done before — or will be done again (at least, not free).

Which is why I HIGHLY encourage anyone interested in copywriting be on these free calls.

And if you sign up for this tele-seminar series at:

www.BenSettle.com/deutsch

I’ll give you a very special — and 100% exclusive — gift:

The MP3 version of an interview I did with David Deutsch for my “Copywriting Grab Bag”book.

This interview contains the single greatest copywriting “secret” ever invented.

It’s what all the A-List copywriters talk about privately with each other, but almost never talk about publicly.

You do NOT have to buy anything to get this interview.

Simply sign up for David’s free tele-seminar series at:

www.BenSettle.com/deutsch

And then forward your welcome email — it will have the subject line: “Welcome to COPY QUICK-START” — to:

ben (at) bensettle.com

As soon as I get your email, I will send you a link to a secret website where you can download the interview.

By the way…

The powerful copywriting secret David revealed in the interview can be heard at approximately four minutes and fifty seconds into it.

It’s not a “sexy” copywriting secret by any means.

But it’s vitally important — and something not talked about nearly enough in the copywriting echo chambers.

BEN SETTLE

Publishes ridiculously

high-priced books &

newsletters about online marketing,

writes twisted horror novels &

screenplays,

and trades options

& invests in companies he thinks are cool –

like BerserkerMail,

Low Stress Trading,

and The Oregon Eagle newspaper.

Yours FREE:

World Leader In

Email Copywriting Education

Gives Away His Best Tips

For How To Potentially

Double, Triple,

Even Quadruple

Your Sales Online

Type in your primary email address below to open Ben's daily email tips and a free digital copy of his $97.00/month Email Players newsletter, plus get access to 40+ HOURS of content in his free mobile app:

I’M IN, SIGN ME UP

I agree that when I sign up above, I will be added to a marketing mailing list where I will receive DAILY email tips and promotional offers from Ben Settle.

NOTE: You’ll have to confirm your subscription to join the list. If you do not see the confirmation in your inbox, check your spam, junk or promotions folder.

WHAT OTHERS ARE SAYING

Even when you’re simply just selling stuff, your emails are, in effect, brilliant content for marketers who want to see how to make sales copy incapable of being ignored by their core market. You are a master of this rare skill, Ben, and I tip my hat in respect.

Gary Bencivenga

(Universally acknowledged as the world’s greatest living copywriter)

www.MarketingBullets.com

I confess that I have only begun watching Ben closely and corresponding with him fairly recently, my mistake. At this point, it is, bluntly, very rare to discover somebody I find intelligent, informed, interesting and inspiring, and that is how I would describe Ben Settle.

Dan S. Kennedy

Author, ’No BS’ book series

Ben is one of the sharpest marketing minds on the planet, and he runs his membership “Email Players” better than just about any other I’ve seen. I highly recommend it.

Perry Marshall

Author of 8 books whose Google book laid the foundations for the $100 billion Pay Per Click industry, whose prestigious 80/20 work has been used by NASA’s Jet Propulsion Labs, and whose historic reinvention of the Pareto Principle is published in Harvard Business Review.

www.PerryMarshall.com

I think Ben is the light heavyweight champion of email copywriting. I ass-lo think we’d make Mayweather money in a unification title bout!

Matt Furey

www.MattFurey.com

Zen Master Of The Internet®

President of The Psycho-Cybernetics Foundation

Just want you to know I get great advice and at least one chuckle… or a slap on the forehead “duh”… every time I read your emails!

Carline Anglade-Cole

AWAI’s Copywriter of the Year Award winner and A-list copywriter who has written for Oprah and continually writes control packages for the world’s most prestigious (and competitive) alternative health direct marketing companies

www.CarlineCole.com

I’ve been reading your stuff for about a month. I love it. You are saying, in very arresting ways, things I’ve been trying to teach marketers and copywriters for 30 years. Keep up the good work!

Mark Ford

aka Michael Masterson

Cofounder of AWAI

www.AwaiOnline.com

The business is so big now. Prob 4x the revenue since when we first met… and had you in! Claim credit, as it did correlate!

Joseph Schriefer

(Copy Chief at Agora Financial)

www.AgoraFinancial.com

I wake up to READ YOUR WORDS. I learn from you and study exactly how you combine words + feelings together. Like no other. YOU go DEEP and HARD.”

Lori Haller

(“A-List” designer who has worked on control sales letters and other projects for Oprah Winfrey, Gary Bencivenga, Clayton Makepeace, Jim Rutz, and more.

www.ShadowOakStudio.com

I love your emails. Your e-mail style is stunningly effective.

Bob Bly

The man McGrawHill calls

America’s top copywriter

and bestselling author of over 75 books

www.Bly.com

Ben might be a freaking genius. Just one insight he shared at the last Oceans 4 mastermind I can guarantee you will end up netting me at least an extra $100k in the next year.

Daegan Smith

www.Maximum-Leverage.com

Ben Settle is a great contemporary source of copywriting wisdom. I’ve been a big admirer of Ben’s writing for a long time, and he’s the only copywriter I’ve ever hired and been satisfied with

Ken McCarthy

One of the “founding fathers”

of Internet marketing

www.KenMcCarthy.com

I start my day with reading from the Holy Bible and Ben Settle’s email, not necessarily in that order.

Richard Armstrong

A List direct mail copywriter

whose clients have included

Rodale, Boardroom, Reader’s Digest,

Men’s Health, Newsweek,

Prevention Health Magazine, the ASCPA

and, even, The Limbaugh Letter.

www.FreeSampleBook.com

Of all the people I follow there’s so much stuff that comes into my inbox from various copywriters and direct marketers and creatives, your stuff is about as good as it gets.

Brian Kurtz

Former Executive VP of Boardroom Inc. Named Marketer of the Year by Target Marketing magazine

www.BrianKurtz.me

The f’in’ hottest email copywriter on the web now.

David Garfinkel

The World’s Greatest Copywriting Coach

www.FastEffectiveCopy.com

Ben Settle is my email marketing mentor.

Tom Woods

Senior fellow of the Mises Institute, New York Times Bestselling Author, Prominent libertarian historian & author, and host of one of the longest running and most popular libertarian podcasts on the planet

www.TomWoods.com

I’ve read your stuff and you have some of the best hooks. You really know how to work the hook and the angles.

Brian Clark

www.CopyBlogger.com

Ben writes some of the most compelling subject lines I’ve ever seen, and implements a very unique style in his blog. Honestly, I can’t help but look when I get an email, or see a new post from him in my Google Reader.

Dr. Glenn Livingston

www.GlennLivingston.com

There are very, very few copywriters whose copy I not only read but save so I can study it… and Ben is on that short list. In fact, he’s so good… he kinda pisses me off. But don’t tell him I said that. 😉

Ray Edwards

Direct Response Copywriter

www.RayEdwards.com

You’re damn brilliant, dude…I really DO admire your work, my friend!

Brian Keith Voiles

A-list copywriter who has written winning ads for prestigious clients such as Jay Abraham, Ted Nicholas, Dr. Stephen R. Covey, Robert Allen, and Gary Halbert.

www.AdvertisingMagicCopywriting.com

We finally got to meet in person and you delivered a killer talk. Your emails are one of the very few I read and study. And your laid back style.. is just perfect!

Ryan Lee

Best-selling Author

“Entrepreneur” Magazine columnist

www.RyanLee.com

There’s been a recent flood of copy writing “gurus” lately and I only trust ONE! And that’s @BenSettle

Bryan Sharpe

AKA Hotep Jesus

www.BooksByBryan.com

www.HotepNation.com

I’m so busy but there’s some guys like Ben Settle w/incredible daily emails that I always read.

Russell Brunson

World class Internet marketer, author, and speaker

www.RussellBrunson.com

Type in your primary email address below to open Ben's daily email tips and a free digital copy of his prestigious Email Players newsletter.

I’M IN, SIGN ME UP

I agree that when I sign up above, I will be added to a marketing mailing list where I will receive DAILY email tips and promotional offers from Ben Settle.

NOTE: You’ll have to confirm your subscription to join the list. If you do not see the confirmation in your inbox, check your spam, junk or promotions folder.

Copyright 2002-

.

All rights reserved

Legal & Policies

Privacy Policy