What does someone need to do to become a master copywriter in just 30 days? Is there a quick step-by-step guide to becoming the kind of copywriter who can generate millions of dollars in sales? Well, there actually might be an answer. Because while I have made a considerable amount of money in his career over the last 10 years, it is nothing compared to the late great Gary Halbert who was by all accounts a 10 figure copywriter. That is billion with a B dollars in sales for businesses. And almost 25 years ago, Gary answered the question we want answered. How do you go from a nobody to a copywriting master in just 30 days? In fact, he laid out a whole plan exactly what you need to read, exactly how to practice, and exactly what you need to write to be, using his words, better than 99% of all those frauds saturating the copyrightiting space right now. Hello, I'm Sean McIntyre. I'm a former adjunct professor of rhetoric and I have been picking up freelance content writing gigs for a little over 20 years. And over the last 10 years, I've been a direct response copywriter and marketer for businesses that sell everything from essential oil infused candles to financial newsletters. In this video, we are going to go through Gary Halbert's plan together. And whether you are writing emails, sales pages, Facebook ads, advertorial, or any other type of direct response copy, everything you are going to discover along the way will help you write copy that has the potential to generate millions of dollars for your clients. And I know that his plan works because, well, the advice in here is actually pretty close to how I learned to write multi-million dollar campaigns. Not a flex, just a fact. Though that education was spread out over a considerably larger span of time. Anyway, someone wrote to Gary Halbert asking if it were possible to write world-class copy in just 30 days. And Gary Halbert responded with a qualified yes in one of his newsletters. I may not be able to make someone worldclass in just 30 days, but I can almost certainly make such a person better than anyone he or she is likely to be able to hire, providing, of course, that the person in question has at least a modicum of talent, and much more importantly, the ability to follow directions and an appetite for very hard work. As we go along through Gary Halbert's advice and step-by-step plan, I'm also going to interject some of my own commentary, experiences, advice, and thoughts along the way, especially when it comes to making things relatable to copy and marketing in the modern era. You know, the digital age. But before we get into that, I want to point out this last line. An appetite for very hard work. Look, I get it. Copywriting and digital marketing is often sold as a lifestyle opportunity. Write three emails a week. chill on the beach, make 10,000 a month, and so on. But this is only the reality for some. The majority of people who start out trying to learn copywriting will not achieve those exceptional outcomes. At Copy That, whether it's our free videos or in the valuable resources we share with our email subscribers, we try to separate reality from hype in the copyrightiting space so that you know what will actually lead you to your goals in this career. But here's a difficult to swallow truth. The people who achieve wild success in copywriting, they usually succeed by working harder than their peers and working harder on the right skills that the market values. And for Gary Halbert, the right skills come from reading books that will give you a basic education in valid advertising principles. Here is his list. We've got scientific advertising by Claude Hopkins. We've got the Robert Collier letter book, Tested Advertising Methods by John Capable, How to Write a Good Advertisement by Victor Schwab, Breakthrough Advertising by Eugene Schwarz, Seven Steps to Freedom by Ben Suarez, and we've got The Boron Letters by Gary Halbert. We also have Not Visualized Here, The Lazy Man's Guide to Riches by Joe Carbo. Uh the Gary Halbert Letter, you know, all the back issues of it, which are available through the internet archive, yada yada yada. I put affiliate links to all the books he listed in the description below. You know, private jets don't pay for themselves after all. But honestly, some of these books are in the public domain. Uh scientific advertising you can legally get for free online. Before you run out to get these books, though, uh one common complaint I see is that many were written uh in an older era, let's just say. But honestly, the principles outlined in these books, they really do still hold up. As you read them, do not get too caught up in the technical specifics of pre-in advertising because the actual principles in these books still totally work for direct marketing and writing powerful persuasive ad copy today. Except for Joe Carbo's book, I actually didn't like it that much. Um, I also didn't like the boron letters that much. And Breakthrough Advertising, I would only suggest you read this after you've been writing copy professionally for a little while. It is very dense uh and expensive. Like it's like 300 bucks for a copy. So, if you're new, you're probably not going to get what it's talking about just yet. But, are there other books that are more up to-date that you should read? Um, while we did do a whole video about that, uh, Gary Halbert had this to say. Okay. After you had read everything, I would further instruct you to read nothing else and not take notes. You know, getting a good education in any field is tricky and in advertising it borders impossible. You see, most books written about advertising are not just bad, they are downright dangerous. So listen, not only is it important what you do learn, it is equally important what you do not learn. So step one is to read only the material I have listed. I'll be honest with you, as someone working in direct response marketing for over 10 years, I've met a lot of people with a marketing degree. And I've met a lot of successful copywriters and marketers, but I have not met very many successful copywriters or marketers with a marketing degree. Just two, no, three. Three of them. Though I imagine this has been more of a selection bias problem based on my own career. uh marketing and corporate communications programs at universities and their textbooks. They are written for people who are going to work for big brand agencies and for like Proctor and Gamble and stuff like that. Um I actually worked for the biotech company Amgen after I got my first degree. Uh I was in a whole huge building full of people sitting in cubicles working on press kit deliverables and newswires and adverse event reports. Look, those jobs are out there if you want them. Those are still technically copywriting jobs, but there is a low ceiling to this career path unless you climb the corporate ladder and get more into management at some point. It really isn't the same as what Gary Halbert is talking about or what we talk about on this channel. So, yeah, learn from lots of sources, but be selective from whom you get your information. You want to make sure it applies to your goals and the kind of copy you want to be writing. Now that you've read all that material, what's next? This. I want you to get a copy of the following ads and direct mail letters. Do you make these mistakes in English? What everybody should know about this stock and bond business. The Nancy L. Halbert Heraldry letter. How to burn off body fat hour by hour. At 60 m an hour, the loudest noise in this Rolls-Royce is the ticking of the electric clock. Why men crack. How to collect from social security at any age, the Admiral Bird transpolar expedition letter, the lazy man's way to riches, and in general, anything you can get your hands on that was written by Gary Benovvena, Dan Rosenthal, Joe E. Kennedy, Pat Gard, Steve Brown, Drew Kaplan, Claude Hopkins, Joe Carbo, Ben Suarez, Joe Sugarman, Jean Schwarz, and of course, yours truly. Honestly, this is probably the best piece of advice I think he gives. If you want to learn how to write copy, you have to read a lot of copy. Copy from a variety of niches and time periods. Copy that spans genres. All copywriting, brand or direct response, is persuasion at its core. So, really understanding the different ways other pieces of writing persuade people is going to massively level you up, more so than reading theory can. Now, you can find all these ads and more at swiped.co. But if you're ever looking for more modern examples of copyrightiting, do four things. Sign up to as many business email lists as you can and read the ads they send you. Go to the Facebook ad library and look up ads for businesses you want to study. Go to the Google Ads Transparency Center and look up ads for businesses that you want to study. And in general, just click on ads and read them. and try then to go deeper into the funnel for these businesses if you can by actually acting like a real customer would. Listen, ads are everywhere around us and we've been conditioned to not pay conscious attention to ads. And that's like wanting to be a successful race car driver while refusing to ever get into a car. If you want to learn how to write ads, you have to read ads. Lots of them. No getting around that. Now that you've obtained copies of these ads and letters, I want you to sit down and copy them out word for word in your own handwriting. This is really a sales letter I copied out by hand early in my career. It was 70 pages long. Yes, my hand cramped. Yes, it sucked. But this is still advice given to a lot of juniors at a lot of direct response businesses. A lot of people hate this advice. A lot of people argue that it's outdated. Personally, I'm on the fence about whether this is a helpful exercise or not. The owners of Copy That actually had a whole debate about hand copying in this video. The exercise might actually be more helpful for people still learning how to write effective clean grammatical English pros. So if you are not from America or from England, this might actually be helpful to you. But I found it more helpful to go through copy sentence by sentence asking what each sentence communicated, how it functioned in context, and how it accomplished what it set out to do. My suggestion, try handcopying a long- form ad at least once. Best case scenario, you really learn and absorb something. Worst case scenario, you've practiced your penmanship and earn some bragging rights. Next, I want you to create a handdrawn layout of each ad. Listen, the goal here is to get you to create a professional package completely comped up that is all ready to go first to a typist and then to a type setter. Okay? But remember when I said to read old books for the principles and theory, not so much for the technical specifics of pre- internet advertising. The principle here is good. You want not just the experience of writing an ad, but taking it through all the necessary steps of the process. Why? So that you can more competently manage getting your copy into the world, whether you are the designer on the project or you're working with your client's team. The modern version of this would be taking a practice piece or typed copy of an ad and as it's called wireframing it using a free visual design platform like Canva or Figma. But honestly, depending on the kind of copy you write, mocking up a really nice looking pageless Google doc would probably serve you just as well, at least in the beginning of your career. You might want to read a bunch more web-based copy before you do this, though, so you can get a sense of general design conventions, how things should look, how to make things appear clean, and so on and so forth. And I like the principle behind Halbert's advice here, because some of the best freelance copywriters I've worked with take the time to wireframe their web copy and show how they want it designed on the page. That extra care and deliberateness makes me want to keep working with them again and again, and I've done so with people. It also certainly makes your portfolio sample pieces more attractive looking when you reach out to prospective clients. Do this. Do it. Do it. Don't be simple-minded. Don't come to me and say, "Okay, Gary, I've got the idea. I know what you're getting at. It really wasn't necessary for me to do all that mechanical stuff. As long as I understand what you're driving at, right, Gary? Sorry, buckwheat. It doesn't work that way. If you really want to know it, you've really got to do it. There are no shortcuts. Buckwheat. I am going to call my kids that when they are acting up. Again, I agree with Halbert in principle here. In my experience, newbies frequently ask if they can get around doing hard work in order to learn. I see a message in our copy that discord that starts with do I really have to blah blah blah pretty much every single day. They're constantly asking for AI prompts or apps or tools to help them speed up their learning process. And there's just no getting around some stuff. I mean, unless you want to position yourself as a copyrightiting expert on YouTube, apparently any inexperienced kid can just do that. But if you actually want to learn copyrightiting and get truly good, there's just no substitute for the actual experience of reading, researching, writing, mocking things up, and getting paid to put copy out into the world and then seeing how it does. It's time to prepare your toolkit. First, I now want you to go back and reread all those advertising books and this time, take notes. Write down every good idea, every important insight, and every nugget of wisdom that is contained in all that material. What this means, my friend, is that by the time you are finished, you should have hundreds of notes. So, the actual tactile experience of writing notes has been proven to aid retention and integration. You folks watching might want to use something like Obsidian or Notion or Google Keep or some other high-tech solution. If you're serious about taking smart notes, uh, look up the Zeal Casten system. I can't pronounce that. It's one of the few systems that I know for a fact works for keeping things organized and filling your brain with good information. But honestly, I have been getting by with Post-it notes, legal pads, and random scraps of paper for literally decades at this point. I don't think it matters how you do it as much as, you know, actually doing it. Put these notes aside. Next, go back over all that material and write out every headline you find therein. Also, get a bunch of back issues of the National Inquirer and Cosmopolitan magazine and copy all the headlines you will find that seem to be repeated over and over. Especially copy a lot of the cover blurbs from Cosmo. They are superb. Another good source of headlines is 2001 headlines which was compiled by J. Abraham. So, just to explain what's going on here, Howard is now getting you to create the beginnings of what is called a swipe file. A swag file is just a collection of copy that you've taken note of and stored for when you need to write about something similar or frame something in a similar way. Uh it is like your own personal pile of inspiration. I'll have a whole video about how to build and organize a swipe file down the road and I only share my personal swipe file with the members of the copy that copyrightiting boot camps. But uh in the meantime, let's just address the fact that many of you probably do not have easy access to a physical copy of Cosmo magazine. And that is fine. What I would recommend doing instead is going to news aggregators like the Drudge Report, clicking on landing pages, looking at clickbait, even paying attention to the headlines of YouTube videos that get hundreds of thousands or millions of views. What matters is that you are taking note of headline copy that you know catches a lot of attention with some degree of certainty. And you can find that all over the place. You'll find when you've noted down enough that you're going to start to notice some patterns. Right now on YouTube, for example, X years of thing experience and time of video is a really common headline template. Copy that. Even did an AB test of our most popular video at time of recording using this title and it won by a landslide. And I bring that up to show you how applicable Halbert's advice is here. No matter what stage of your career that you are in, having a huge repository of copy to refer back to is an easy way to get inspiration and ideas. Let us review. Here's what you should have done so far. One, you should have read all the books and newsletters I have recommended. Two, you should have copied out all the ads and direct mail letters I have listed. Three, you should have had at least one of those promotions comped up and type set. Four, you should have reread all the books and newsletters and taken hundreds of notes. Five, you should have read all those headline sources and copied down mucho headlines. Enough review. Next, take all your notes and headlines and put each individual note and each individual headline on a white 3x5 index card. Let's bring back that bulletointed list on the screen. Thanks, Noah. Now, I want to make a quick point that I personally do not think you need to rush through all this stuff to become a copywriter. But here's the thing. Halbert had a goal and a time frame. World class in 30 days. If you are really trying to learn how to write kick-ass copy in 30 days, you should probably have all these steps, this whole process on the screen done in your first 2 weeks because we are really only halfway through Halbert's blueprint. Everything up to this point was just Halbert trying to drill the fundamentals into you. Everything after this is actual for real copywriting practice. Finally, take all those cards and put them in shoe boxes. And then go take some time off, at least time off from this stuff. Go play golf for a few days or go back to your normal work routine or take a short vacation or whatever. Were we to draw a ven diagram of exercise and any type of serious learning. There is definitely an overlap between the two. In exercise, you do not grow muscle while you are working out. It grows while you are resting in between workouts. The recovery is just as important, if not more important, than the stimulus. When you are learning anything, your brain is literally remapping and rewiring itself. Old synapses are being broken. New synapses are being formed. You've got all sorts of glands squirting glutamate and norepinephrine and all sorts of other newer chemicals. Learning is a painful, sometimes exhausting thing. It causes literal physical changes to your brain meat. So don't be one of those hustle bro fools who's all about grinding every hour of every day. You have to learn to relax. We are now ready after all this prep to begin writing that first ad or direct mail letter. Okay, your brain's full of theory. Now it is time to put it into practice. Let us see how Gary Halbert suggests you practice. The first thing I want you to do is read and reread every ad or direct mail package that has already been written about what you are trying to sell. Take notes. Secondly, read and take notes on every ad or direct mail piece you can find that has been written for a competing or similar product or service. This is broadly speaking good advice, if extreme. In order to sell something well, you need to be able to package and frame it in a unique way. can't make something unique and different if you don't know what's already out there. You also need to know generally what ideas are resonating, what angles people are taking, the ideas in the copy, how people are providing proof that products work and and so on. You obviously cannot know what's unique until you've seen what's out there and decided to do something else. But let us be real for a moment. The internet is big and there are like a lot of ads for every product out there. Chances are when you are starting out, you are going to be writing for a niche that's already pretty crowded. So I suggest following the advice from my friend Kyle Copy Squad Milligan. Before you write a single word of your sales letter or promotion, you're going to do what I call 531. I do this before every project, no exceptions. Step one is you're going to find five promotions that are very similar to what it is that you are trying to sell. You're going to take of those five that you read, you're going to bullet three of them that are sort of your favorites. You're going to take a bulleted outline on like a legal pad or you can do it in the word doc and you're going to get the sales letter structure and flow from that bulleted outline. And then from those three bulleted outlines, you're going to pick one that is the most congruent with your mechanism, your offer, and what it is that you're trying to produce. Whichever one lines up the closest and is most synergistic, you're going to marry that one. That's going to be like your template, your outline that you're going to follow for the entire sales letter as you're building out your argument. Again, 531. Read five, bullet three, Mary one. Do that and you will have a good sense of how the product you are trying to sell is typically sold and the language, ideas, and persuasive appeals people typically use to sell that kind of product. Next, carefully examine the product or service and find out everything you can about it. If it's a book, read it. If it's a product, examine it. If it's a service, use it and ask questions. Take notes on all this. Put those notes on 3x5 index cards, one note per card, and put all those notes in a shoe box. This is just your standard product research. If you don't have the product or service, buy it. The best copywriters were often first customers of the niches that they write for. And if you can't buy it, well, the best copywriters are resourceful, too. So, think carefully about ways to get around any obstacles to your success. We are now about to write the first draft of our ad. Go isolate yourself in a library or an office somewhere. Take all your shoe boxes with you. First, take out the 3x5 cards on the product or service you're going to write about. Shuffle through these cards. read them and say, "hm" every once in a while. Now, start shuffling through all your other 3x5 cards. Think about how all those good ideas and insights could be applied to your current project. Look at all of those hundreds of proven headlines. Think about how all those headlines could be modified to work for your current project. Maybe you could change, "Do you make these mistakes in English?" to, "Do you say any of these dumb things every time you call your stock broker?" Or maybe Tova Borgnine swears under oath that her new perfume does not contain an illegal sexual stimulant could be transmuted to local jeweler swears under oath that none of those diamonds he sells so cheaply have been stolen. Get the idea? Of course you do. Keep shuffling those cards. Keep reading them. Jot down ideas as they occur to you. Actually, shuffle the index cards like they were playing cards. Write out a couple of dumb headline ideas. Write out some headlines that make more sense. write a few that start with how to, some that start with 17 ways to, and some that begin with an amazing, and some that say a little secret that and so on. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. I wanted you to get the full experience of that passage because it illustrates a few important aspects about copywriting as a profession. First, a lot of what we do is serendipity and discovery. It's going over notes and coming up with ideas and spending a lot of time just thinking. A lot of my best ad ideas came up when I was just staring at a wall or going for a walk or exercising or driving or reading or watching a movie. Anything where my mind is allowed to wander, which is why I've actually had to cut out video games for my leisure activities. It is too mentally engrossing for me. Okay. Second thing, a lot of what we do as copyriters is work within formats or trends or language that is already working. This is what is meant by the quote copy is assembled, not written. There are all these snippets of language and phrasal templates and ideas that are floating around in the cultural ether. Our job as copywriters is to pull these pieces together, connect them to some existing desire in the market, and then package everything to make it seem enticing and palatable to the people we are writing for. That means if you encounter a bullet, a headline, really any powerful piece of copy, short or long, you want to see if you can reverse engineer it, understand how it's working, and then see if you can replicate it using your own words, but for a new context, just like Gary Halbert did when he turned the, "Do you make these mistakes in English?" to, "Do you say any of these dumb things every time you call your stock broker?" In your copyrightiting career, many of your best ideas and some of the best templates are going to come from outside the niche you work in, and you will be able to make a ton of money by doing some pretty simple cross-pollination between niches. The third important thing I want to draw your attention to here, your first thought will rarely ever be your best thought. Revision, that is trying lots of different things and rewriting. That's just part of the copywriting process. And one of the easiest ways to start that process is to start writing down dumb ideas. Give yourself permission to suck early on. You can always rewrite anything that you are not proud of. Guess what? Out of all this, if you really have done everything I've suggested, exactly as I've instructed, out will pop a central selling idea so powerful, so fresh, and so compelling that you will know it is exactly right for the ad or direct mail package you are struggling to create. I promise it happens every time. And when it does, write it down. If you are writing a direct mail letter, work that central selling idea into your first sentence. If you are writing any ad, use that CSI in the headline. Now, listen up. This is important. What will happen at this point is that your mental floodgates will be wide open. Ideas will come gushing out like water from a broken fire hydrant. Capture those ideas. Forget form. Forget grammar. Write, write, write as fast as you can. Hurry, hurry, hurry. Don't stop for anything. Go, go, go. Write page after page. Tell everything, every detail, every nuance, every benefit, every product feature, every advantage. Get it all. Describe, infuse, give details. Don't worry about getting it perfect. Don't worry about spelling. Don't worry about formulas. Just keep writing. Go fast. Get it all. Right. Right. Right. And when you are done, set all this work aside and go do something else for a day or so. Let it cool. Okay. Uh, couple things here. Each part of this learning process is like a great filter. Some percentage of the people watching this will see Gary's list of books and ads to read and go, "F that." Then another percentage of you got to the part about handwriting ads and go, "No, seriously, f that." And then another big chunk of you got to the part about notetaking and product and competitor research and you just noped right off of this video. So really it is the real ones, the people not afraid of doing the work who got to this point. And I can tell you truthfully, few things scare away more people than having to confront and then put words on a blank page, let alone having to write around a central idea. That is why Halbert is encouraging you to forget grammar and formulas and everything. Again, you can always rewrite what's bad according to what might be good. The problem most people have is with actually getting words on the page in the first place. One thing I do sometimes when I'm struggling with this is actually set a timer and like Halbert said, just allow myself to freewrite. Just get everything down that I can on the page. Then, and this is important, I put what I wrote away, and I don't look at it again for at least a little bit. When I return to my drafts, I want it to feel like some alien stranger wrote it. I want to be able to look at the copy objectively. And then I go through something similar to the next process. When you are ready to go back to work, I want you to go back to your first draft and now rework it in the following sequence. One, say something that gets attention. Two, tell them why they should be interested. Expand on your central selling idea. Three, tell them why they should believe what you are saying is true. Four, prove it is true. Five, itemize and describe all benefits. Six, tell them how to order. Seven, tell them to order now. Okay. After you have arranged all your material so it conforms to the above sequence, you should now check your spelling, correct your grammar, edit, and in general, tighten up your copy. This is a pretty good rudimentary ad structure. If you see enough sales pages or VSSLs or landing pages, you will notice that the structure of modern copy is really not that much different from what Halbert is saying. Nothing much else to add here except that by tighten up your copy, Halbert means making sure every single sentence is powerful and interesting. No dead weight. Next, read your copy aloud. When you do this, you will discover all those little snags where your copy isn't smooth, where it doesn't flow well, where the transition from one sentence to another, or from one paragraph to another, or simply from one thought to another is less than seamless. Okay, outside of this whole world class in 30 days thing, this is advice that I give to people all of the time because it is so helpful. Yet, so few people take the time to do this. If you have trouble paying attention to the flow as you read aloud, I know of other copywriters who will actually use texttospech apps and then listen to their copy and take notes on each part where their mind starts to wander or where they stop paying attention to their own words. That tells you your copy is boring and that you need to fix it. Now, edit again. Make it tight. Use short sentences, short paragraphs, everyday English. Use some one-word sentences. Use some one-s sentence paragraphs. Use subheads to make your copy look interesting and easy to read. A really useful app to help you write simpler, shorter sentences and paragraphs is the Hemingway app. And this is not a sponsored thing and I'm just being real with you guys. You just paste your copy into the app and it will tell you the readability and whether there are opportunities to strengthen or tighten your language. There's also a feature in uh Microsoft Word that allows you to look up the FK score of your document. that is the reading level of your writing. The goal when you use either of these tools is to get the reading level as low as possible, ideally below a grade seven reading level. I will do a whole video about why that is. But for now, just trust me, the simpler you write while still maintaining your persuasive power, the more money you and your copy will make. Anyway, now that we're reaching the end of his advice, I want to point out a few important takeaways before we get to Gary Halbert's conclusion. The first is that the emphasis in all this advice is on developing your skill and cultivating your craft, not getting clients. When you scroll through YouTube or Tik Tok copywriting content, all the emphasis is on secrets, hacks, tricks to get clients. They are selling the notion that copywriting has a knowledge gap. But one of the things that Copy That and other good copywriting channels do is emphasize the fact that copywriting and marketing does not have that much of a knowledge gap. There are some secrets, sure, but only like a 167 of them. You really only need 30 of them to get rich. And you can learn all of those secrets from studying copy, writing, and rewriting copy and testing your copy in the world. No, copywriting has a practice gap. The people who actually become stupidly rich doing this are simply the people willing to learn more and do more and test more than anyone else for a longer period of time. I have said before that if you are struggling to get clients, you do not have an outreach problem. You have a copy problem. All outreach is copy, just copy that sells you. And as Gary Halbert says, a copywriter ought to be able to write an ad that tells how good he is. Hell, if he can't sell himself, how can you expect him to sell your goods or services? If you can't sell yourself to a client, what on earth makes you think that you are ready to work for that client? Seriously, once you learn the fundamentals of good persuasive writing, outreach and getting clients becomes very easy. And if you ever find yourself not making progress in developing this skill, it might be because you are not getting out of your comfort zone and actually spending 6 to 10 hours a day studying and practicing copy. Truth hurts. Anyway, Gary Hubbert ends his advice here. You could do more, a lot more. This is not by a long shot all you need to know to write worldclass copy, but believe it or not, if you just do, I mean actually do it everything I've described here, you'll be better than 99% of all those frauds who brag about their Golden Mailbox and Echo Awards. And isn't it wonderful how easy it is? Heck, I bet you thought it was going to be work. That last line, isn't it wonderful how easy it is, is meant to be ironic. Of course, everything he described will take a ton of work, time, and mental energy. And you can read that one of two ways. The cynical reading is that, well, of course, Halbert would want this to seem difficult. Obviously, doing it on your own using the method he described is going to be hard. That is going to prime your brain to be more receptive to offers for books and courses and seminars because you will have the notion in your brain that he put there that pursuing copywriting is hard. So he might be doing some clever preuading here, but the charitable reading is that there just isn't really a shortcut into success. The only way to get really good is to practice until you are very good. But look, imagine you have to choose between running 10,000 mi this month or running 1 2 3 miles every day for a few years. While it is possible for some exceptional people to stay hard and hit that 10,000mi target, possible is not the same as probable. Most people are going to benefit by spreading out their learning because it is just more practical and probably less likely to cause burnout. Listen, I can't practice for you. I can't learn for you. But what I have tried to do on this channel is lay out the basics for you for free so that you have the strongest possible foundation to launch your copywriting career. If that's something that you are looking for, click this YouTube video. It is our ultimate mega course for beginning copywriters that covers everything from theory to practice to writing to getting clients. Will it make you world class in 30 days? No. But it'll help you develop the right skill set and from there it is up to you. Go check it out. That's a ramp. Yeah. Okay.