Hey guys, hope everything's going great. Obviously, I'm Frank. Uh first off, reason behind the sunglasses. Uh A, it is uh finally sunny outside and I'm staring right at a window looking at the the beach and the sun. And uh B, I haven't slept in a couple of days because I'm working on this giant launch that I told you guys about in the forum. Uh, and that's been going quite well. I just made a post about that, uh, entitled Notes from the Front Lines, I think. But I want to talk to you right now about Smackdown and how badly I'm going to crush Ed uh, Pansy Dale. First of all, let me tell you what I've got going on and give you just a little bit of backdrop to what's happening here in uh, in Kernland. First of all, big launch this week all the way up until next Saturday, the 27th. I'll be working on this launch where I, along with the help of my three partners, will hopefully sell $1.4 million plus, a little bit more than $1.4 million worth of stuff in an hour. Uh, if we don't get it in an hour, I'll still consider it successful, but I really want to sell this all in an hour so I can immediately hang up the phone and tease John Reese about it and be like, "All right, we're sick of your million-dollar day, Johnny. You take your Lamborghini and you get to work because your records been shattered." But that's going on all week. All right. And and as you probably could imagine, doing launches are very intense. Now, immediately after the launch ends, who's coming here to La Hoya to hang out other than Ed? Just a friendly visit. I'm not trying to spy on you during Smackdown or anything weird like that, Dale. So, he's coming over on the 28th, at which time I'm going to hide my computers and notebooks and uh not let him steal all my good ideas because he can't think of anything good on his own. And we're also going to be planning a marketing for the 30-day challenge and making some content for that. And maybe we'll get a chance to hang out with some Southern California Ultras as well during that time. So, he's going to be around until I think the 2nd of June. Oh, and I turned 34 on the 30th of May, by the way. So, please, you know, send me presents. All right. Now, so all this is going on, you know, of course, during Smackdown. Then uh on the 5th, I believe it is of June, fourth or fifth of June, I'm taking a possibly the most uh idiotic adventure of my life, uh calling it the internet road trip. And this is a god knows how many uh thousands of mile uh road rally slashra that I'm doing with Yannik Crazy Man Silver. We're taking my Ferrari from Los Angeles to Denver in a race called the Players Run. You can go to playersrun.com and see all about that. That'll last until the 12th. And assuming that we uh you know make it and don't get arrested or worse, I'll be back full swing for Smackdown on the 14th. Now, I'll be I'll be smacking Ed down throughout that whole period, but just want to give you an idea of of what I've got going on and uh why it's not going to be completely effortless for me to defeat Ed. It'll be like as much effort as it takes for someone to put on their pants in the morning or something. All right. And I'm sure you guys can relate, right? Because um everybody's got tons of stuff going on all the time. I mean, for me, in addition to all that stuff I'm doing, I got two kids and and a wife at home and a family. So, you know, the point of me telling you all that stuff was really to say, listen, we're just like you. We have lots of stuff going on all the time, and it's no excuse not to build successful businesses. So, with that in mind, here's what I'm going to do for Smackdown. I am going to choose the guitar market. And I'm going to choose it for several reasons. First of all, I'm a guitar player. I've been playing guitar since I was 15. And I turned 34. So, what is that 19 years something? I was under the impression no math would be involved in today's video. Anyway, so I love that market. Love everything about guitar. Second reason, I can make my own product which will be faster hopefully. Anyway, I can make my own videobased product uh and teach how to play guitar which is going to be the product I make. Now, factually uh why am I doing it? Because we all know from 30-day challenge and from old school ultra or old school underachiever niche marketing knowledge, you don't go after stuff just because you like it. So, factually, why would I choose guitar market? Well, you alters who've been with us for a while know that Ed and I selected the guitar market as one of your monthly markets to pursue. Uh, and the reason we selected that was because guitar players are insanely rabid. Case in point being my non formidable opponent, Ed Dale. I have personally witnessed Ed spend over $50,000 just on guitars. And the guy plays like a wounded animal or something. All right. He plays like he chopped one of his arms off and uh gouged out his eardrums with nails. It's easily some of the worst guitar playing I've ever seen in my life. As a matter of fact, my three-year-old daughter Nora can play guitar better than Ed can when she's sleeping. However, that's a completely different story. Point being, guitar players are totally rabid fanatical people. As a matter of fact, if you look at some of the old videos we have posted uh that show the ClickBank espionage method and get caught up on that, you can check out the guitar market using the espionage method and see that tons of people are making money selling how to play guitar stuff. You'll see things like lots of affiliates advertising under obvious terms like guitar. You'll also see lots of review sites for learn how to play guitar being posted uh uh in Google and and traffic going to them. And these are all affiliates doing it. So, you know, it's a very uh profitable market or at least appears to be on the surface. Another thing that's a good indicator of this market is there are currently ads being placed in magazines offline. Obviously, magazines offline. Sorry, been a long couple days. No need for redundancy. Um anyway, there are ads being placed offline selling how to play guitar info products and they are videos and they're selling for 97 bucks, I believe, or maybe even more. Might even be an upsell in there. I've forgotten, but at least $97. So, the the data is showing that playing guitar or how to play guitar type stuff is good. So, that's the first market I'm going to go after and those are the reasons I'm going to go after it. So, in the upcoming week, probably going to take some of the weekend off because I need to hang out with my family and stuff. But in in the upcoming week, while I'm doing this big launch and working on that, I'm also going to be registering my guitar domain, doing some espionage, finding products to promote, and I'm going to go ahead and jump the gun and start building some content. Hopefully, my gamble is going to pay off. Uh, it's not all the time you should just start creating content for a product, but if you already know it called, like, I know guitar, I'm not going to spend any money and take any risks doing it. And since I sit around and play guitar for several hours a day anyway, I don't think I can go too wrong by sticking a video camera up there and hopefully getting some good footage of me playing Iron Man or Sweet Home Alabama or whatever. So, those are my immediate plans for Smackdown. Going to walk you through the whole thing with me. Might also choose some other markets because we never said we had to stick with just one, right? Might go with just two, but that's where we're at right now. So, root for me down with Ed. Look forward to talking to you soon. See you later.