SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/12-MonthMillionaireOcalaOnly.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:52
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

Continued from

yesterday...

OK

truth seekers. Let's see if I can bring this sucker home.

I've got two more seemingly unrelated stories to tell you

(but they really are related) and then I'll lash this all

together so the whole thing makes sense to you.

Here's the first story: Some time ago, I received a

communication from a young man in Ireland who wanted me to

mentor him. I told him my outrageous fee for doing such a

thing and promptly forgot his existence. Then one day he

e-mailed me and said he was wiring the money and we worked out

when he should come to Miami. At this point, I still didn't

believe him, but what the hell. It was at least possible he

was telling me the truth. To my complete amazement, the

money showed up and so did he.

As

I began mentoring him and getting to know him, I couldn't

help but wonder how such a young man (he's 21-years-old)

could have put together all the money he needed to hire me

for three weeks of mentoring plus the very considerable

expenses of traveling from Ireland to Florida. Plus he had

to pay to stay at a hotel near the building where I live.

What I learned was his older brother, John, was financing

his younger brother (Caleb's) efforts. Turns out, John

worked personally with Michael Dell for several years.

John and Caleb have another brother who is completely blind.

John (the older brother) has children. One of those children

is a boy who is already completely blind. The other one is a

girl who most certainly will become blind in the near

future.

You see, they have some sort of genetic predisposition to

blindness that affects some, but not all, of their family

members.

John came to Florida for a few weeks also and he has plans to

come again approximately one week from now. I asked him why

in the world he put up so much money to send Caleb to study under me. Well, as it turns out,

the O'Dowd brothers have a dream. Their dream is to have a

multi-million dollar direct response business... and hire

all the members of their family as employees of that

business... and bring them here so they can live in the United

States.

I

also asked John why they chose to study under me. He told me while

he was working for Michael Dell, that Michael's main

principal for forging ahead in business and life was to

find the person who was the very best in their field and

then hire that person... no matter the cost. John said after

a great deal of research...

He Concluded

I, Gary Halbert,

Was Almost Certainly The

Very Top Expert In The Field

Of Direct Response!

I

must admit, I got a great deal of ego-nourishment from that.

I

have never met anyone more committed to becoming successful

than these two brothers. I told them, without any additional

financial consideration, if they wanted to stay here in

Miami, I would mentor them until they had achieved the

financial success they needed to bring their family to

America.

These two guys are extremely intelligent, work like

dogs 14-hours a day, follow every one of my directions

to the "T", and are as honest as the day is long. So how

could any decent person say 'no' to helping a family such as

this with such Mount Everest challenges to overcome?

That's the first story. Now I'm going to tell you another:

Not too long ago, I was contacted by a man named Vincent

James. I

got to know this guy. He's from New

Jersey, as street smart as they come, and he has the

energy of a shitweasel on amphetamines. What he wanted to tell me is he had refused to

listen to one piece of my advice on an important business matter and how

dearly his failure to pay attention to that had cost him.

What happened is, he was listening to an audio tape I made

at some seminar. My advice on that audio tape was, if you ever

make a great deal of money in the United States of America,

don't buy a home and put that home in your name... don't buy

a commercial building in which you have a lot of equity...

don't keep the bulk of your money in a checking or savings

account or CD's or anything like that. I said if you do,

you are exposing yourself to having some slimebag lawyer or

some alphabet agency take it all away from you in the blink

of an eye.

Vincent said he didn't pay attention to what I said on that

audio tape because he felt it would never happen to

him. After all, he felt he wasn't doing anything wrong.

Then, one day, without any warning whatsoever, an alphabet

agency swooped down on him and took away $48,000,000

of his money. They even confiscated his fiancé's engagement

ring.

Before that alphabet agency "stole" his $48,000,000, he had created a

business that generated $100,000,000 in 23-short

months. Vincent did this with just a pen, a pad, and a

simple idea. Oh yeah, Vince said he had one other very

crucial asset, which was...

All The Information

I Had Made Available

Through My Newsletters,

Seminars And Teleconferences!

Well, not only did Vincent lose his $48,000,000, he also

had to go to jail for four months. But before he went to

jail, he spent 17 days creating an information product

called "The 12-Month Millionaire."

I

believe this is (so far in this new century) the most

important marketing product ever put together. In it, he reveals a

lot of secrets that even I have never before revealed to

anyone (except a few clients and my closest friends). His information

product tells the story of how, by following my advice (you

know I had to get that part in) he grossed $100,000,000 in

just 23-months... and how... by NOT following my advice he lost every cent

of profit he had  made ($48,000,000) in a single day.

I

could write a killer of an ad for his information product.

But I am not going to do that. Instead, I'm just going to

publish his "Introduction" to "The 12-Month

Millionaire":

Introduction

If you

think being educated about a new profession from

a guy who plead guilty to Fraud and Money

Laundering is a bad idea... "The 12-Month

Millionaire" is not for you.

If you

think learning how to make millions of dollars

from a guy who almost lost $48 Million in a

brutal lawsuit - practically making him homeless

- is a bad idea... "The 12-Month Millionaire"

is not for you.

If you

think discovering how to live the "good life"

from a guy who was facing 10 years in prison

is a bad idea... again... "The 12-Month

Millionaire" is not for you.

But if you

are looking for the real... the genuine... the

no bullshit way to become filthy rich -

and at the same time - avoid any of the pitfalls

massive success comes with... this will be

the most rewarding information you'll ever come

across.

You see,

I've made over $100 Million in under 10 years

using the very same techniques I'll reveal to

you in "The 12-Month Millionaire". I've also

nearly lost all of my fortune being stupid with

my success. I'm going to teach you how to make

tons of money - and just as importantly... I'm

going to show you how to keep your millions in

your bank account by not being stupid

like I was.

This is my

first major information product. I am not an

accomplished author or speaker, so this product

will have some flaws. If you read for style, or

for literary quality, like I was saying before,

this may not be the product for you.

But

there are paragraphs in this product - ideas in

this product - whole chapters in "The 12-Month

Millionaire" that I have never had the balls to

reveal before! And they will open doors to you -

maybe as soon as tomorrow - that otherwise might

have taken a lifetime of waiting for you to walk

through.

Right

now... I'm sure you're skeptical as hell. You

may even be thinking to yourself that you have

bought the diary of a madman. But let me make

you a small promise:

Give me a

few days.

Study this

product.

You will

never be the same again.

Once you

learn what I have to teach you... unless you

somehow lose your memory... it will be

impossible for you to ever be "ordinary" again.

It would be impossible for you to not know how

to make tons of money - starting with virtually

nothing as I did 10 short years ago.

I hope

you'll give me the benefit of the doubt with my

promise. If you do, please read on. But if you

can't cast-aside your skepticism, please do not

waste any more of your time reading any further.

Unless you believe in me - "The 12-Month

Millionaire" will be worth nothing to you.

Anyway,

before we jump into this thing with both feet...

let's get acquainted. Maybe I should tell you a

little bit about myself, how I grew up and where

I came from.

I was born

in northern New Jersey on January 23rd, 1974.

I grew up

poor - without a Father. I think I had some sort

of learning disability, because as a child, I

could not retain anything I learned in school.

I'd study like hell for an upcoming test... but

as soon as I finished reading a chapter in my

school book... I couldn't remember what I just

read. It would not penetrate into my brain. It

was extremely discouraging, so I gave up. I

failed everything... even P.E. class.

I finally

dropped out in the 10th grade. Nobody seemed to

mind.

No matter

how hard I tried, it always seemed like I wasn't

going to amount to anything real important in

life. And this really sucked because I had a

passion for the finer things. I wanted the gold

Rolex, the sporty Mercedes, the Million-Dollar

Mega Mansion!

But when I

looked in the mirror, I didn't like what I saw.

I was convinced the good life I wanted was just

a dream.

But that

was all about to change. Seriously - by the time

I was 19, I had a brand-new Corvette. At 20, I

had 2 brand-new Mercedes Benz automobiles. And

at 21, I was the proud owner of a Rolls Royce

Silver Spur!

By the time

I turned 28... I made over $100 Million in gross

sales. I profited over $50 Million. I owned two

homes - one of them was 14,000 square feet and

had a seven-car garage, a billiards room and a

resort-style pool with an underwater bar! And I

paid cash for the home!

In my

garage, I had a red Lamborghini Diablo, a yellow

Ferrari 360 Spider, a white Bentley Arnage Red

Label, about 4 Mercedes, and a 12-passenger

Lincoln Town Car Limo!

My checking

account had over $10 Million in it. I was

earning $400,000 in pay each and every week.

That breaks down to $80,000 a day... or $10,000

an hour! And those figures were if I worked 5

days a week for eight hours a day... which I

didn't!

In the year

2002, I made more money than the CEOs of Federal

Express... eBay... Amazon.com... Time Warner...

Apple Computer... McDonalds... Microsoft...

Nike... Yahoo... Ford Motor Company... General

Motors... and Goodyear Tire - COMBINED!

Yes -

COMBINED.

In the May

12th, 2003 issue, Forbes Magazine listed

their top paid 500 CEOs in America. Of their

prominent and prestigious list of the 500 CEOs,

I made more money than 483 of them.

$17,549,000

MORE than the CEO of Starbucks.

$13,030,000

MORE than the CEO of Target.

$17,225,000

MORE than the CEO of Motorola.

Now, this

may all seem like I'm some rich asshole bragging

about how rich I am... and you're partly

correct. I am bragging! But more importantly,

the reason why I'm telling you about all this is

that this product is about getting rich

very quickly. If the talk of obscene money makes

you feel uncomfortable, or even angers you,

maybe you do not really want to be rich.

The reason

why I'm telling you about all the toys I had

when I was just 28, is to prove to you that if a

guy like me... with a learning disability... a

bad childhood... and no formal education can get

filthy rich by the time I was 28... you can

absolutely follow in my footsteps and build

yourself your very own empire of wealth!

I remember

back when I was 18, I was sitting on the steps

of my Aunt's home. A few door's down from her

lived a girl I went to High-School with. Anyway,

while I was out there sitting on her steps

smoking a Marlboro, I saw a red Mercedes Benz

SL500 pull up at this girl's home.

Some pretty

geek got out of the car with his sweater wrapped

around his neck and went to her front door. He

was picking her up for a weekend trip I presumed

because she made him carry a small duffel bag to

the trunk of his shiny red Mercedes.

Things were

sure different from when we were both in

High-School together. Where that girl may have

had no problem going out with me back then...

nowadays her boyfriends had to be financially

accomplished. When I saw that freaking red

Mercedes pull away and drive past me, I remember

saying to myself, "I've got to get my shit

together!" And I did. About a year later - I

had the very same model and color Mercedes Benz

SL500 in my garage.

How did I

get the car? I didn't steal it. I didn't win the

lottery. I sure didn't receive an inheritance

from some long lost relative who just kicked the

bucket. I made the money on my own. I started

from scratch with nothing but a pen, a pad, and

a crazy idea. I'm now going to teach you how to

do the same.

Why would I

teach these incredible wealth secrets to total

strangers for the small fee this product sells

for? I don't know. Maybe I like to teach people

stuff. Maybe I want to be immortal. Maybe I want

to leave something behind on this Earth after I

die that will last forever. Whatever the reason

- you're in for a treat.

I named

this product "The 12-Month Millionaire" because

that's what it's designed to do. It's designed

to make you a full-blown, certified MILLIONAIRE

within 12 months of reading it.

Maybe you

do not want to become a filthy rich millionaire

mogul... maybe you just want a better life for

your family... that's alright... but I do have

to tell you this...

It's just

as hard to make a "good" income in this business

as it is to become filthy rich - earning

millions a year... and I do not mean this in a

negative way... I mean it in the most positive

way possible.

It's just

as hard to turn one dollar into three dollars

one hundred times as it is to do it one

million times, so why not do it to it's

fullest? I sure do.

So anyway,

let's get this thing started right away. I'm so

excited for you. I remember when I was first

learning these secrets, piece-by-piece over 10

years ago. It was like a mental orgasm. I

couldn't stop devouring this stuff from every

source I could squeeze it out of... whether it

was spending $10,000 on books dating as far back

as the early 1900's... or spending $5,000 to go

to a single weekend seminar... or giving up my

entire personal life from age 19 until 24...

including women... just because I was so

excited with what I was discovering.

Seriously -

I envy you. I wish I could experience again

what you're about to learn... but of course I

can't. So I have to settle for the joy of

watching the lightbulbs go off in the thousands

of people's minds who get this product.

In my head,

this product has been begging me to do it for

the past five years. I finally gave in and did

it. Am I happy with the end result? You bet I

am. The very product you hold in your hands is

not just a bunch of paper, ink, glue and the

like... it's literally a roadmap... a

blueprint... a formula for getting rich in

America today.

These

secrets are used equally by the single Mother

trying to put her child in a good private

school, to the small businessperson making a

great living... all the way to guys who are

running ONE BILLION DOLLAR Publicly-Traded

Corporations such as The Sharper Image. These

techniques are not Mickey Mouse. They are

powerful. They are life-altering. They can even

be dangerous if they are not used properly.

So, I'd

like to welcome you to the "Best" of your life.

I hope after you make your millions you still

remember this product and tell everyone you know

how it helped you.

Enough

already - let's get this party started.

The price is $297.00 plus $18.95 for domestic

shipping and handling... or... plus $38.95 for international

shipping and handling.

You can order by check or credit card.

If you want to order

by check, just make it out to "Cherrywood Publishing" and send

it to:

Cherrywood Publishing

3101 S.W. 34th Ave. #905-467

Ocala, FL  34474

USA

If

you want to order by credit card, there's two ways you can

do that.

The first way (which is the absolute best way) is to write or type ALL of the following

information and FAX it to us at

1-352-861-1665. That's a

dedicated fax line and it's on 24/7. Here's what we need:

(1)   Your name as it appears on

your credit card;

(2)   The type of credit card you

are using (Visa, MasterCard or American Express);

(3)   The credit card number;

(4)   The credit card expiration

date;

(5)   The "security code" on your

credit card. If it's a Visa or MasterCard, it's 3-digits on

the back of your card at the end of your signature box. If

you're using American Express, it's the 4-digits on the

front of your card above your credit card number.

(6)   We must have your BILLING

address of your credit card. Please don't be confused. We do

NOT need to know where you send your payments... we DO need

to know what address your credit card company sends their

bills to you.

(7)   Final thing, please let us

know if you have a different address you would like "The

12-Month Millionaire" shipped to.

(8)   It's not required but it

would be helpful if you gave us a telephone number or a fax

number where we could contact you in case we run into any

problems with your order.

The second option for paying by credit card is, you'll have to make a

long distance telephone call. The number to call is 1-305-534-7577. When you

call this phone number, you'll need to give us the same

information as if you were sending us a fax. If you don't

reach us "live" at this number, just leave your credit card

details and please remember to speak slowly and clearly and

spell any unusual names or words. Again, here's the

information we'll need:

(1)   Your name as it appears on

your credit card;

(2)   The type of credit card you

are using (Visa, MasterCard or American Express);

(3)   The credit card number;

(4)   The credit card expiration

date;

(5)   The "security code" on your

credit card. If it's a Visa or MasterCard, it's 3-digits on

the back of your card at the end of your signature box. If

you're using American Express, it's the 4-digits on the

front of your card above your credit card number.

(6)   Your BILLING address of your

credit card. Please don't be confused. We do NOT need to

know where you send your payments... we DO need to know what

address your credit card company sends their bills to you.

(7)   If you have a different

address you would like "The 12-Month Millionaire" shipped

to.

(8)    It would be helpful if

you gave us a telephone number or a fax number where we

could contact you in case we run into any problems with your

order.

That's it. Either way you choose to order "The 12-Month

Millionaire", it will be shipped to you immediately.

And now, before I end the story about "The 12-Month

Millionaire", I'm going to tell you something that might

piss you off (if you are an unethical slimebag). This

product, because I have so decided, is NOT being sold with a

money-back guarantee. If you dare say the information you

get from this product was already known to you or it

wasn't worth the money, you are much more than a shitweasel.

You are a stone-cold, unethical liar.

Believe it or not, much of this information is so

electrifying, it was unknown even to me. And I am now using

these secrets when I create advertising for myself or for my

clients.

Alrighty then, let's go to the next bit of news.

I

have become good friends with Mark Joyner. I told him once

I knew approximately 15 secrets to make websites more

profitable... and... I was willing to wager even

with his own extensive experience on the Internet, he didn't

have a clue about these secrets. When Mark found out how

Internet-illiterate I was, he was doubtful this could be true.

So he and I agreed I would tell him just one of my

Internet money-making secrets and then he could decide for

himself.

I

told him the secret (it took me about 60-seconds) and he was

blown away. Mark said, "Oh my God! That is probably the

most powerful Internet money-making secret I've ever heard.

And I never had a clue to its existence. Once you explained

it to me, it's so transparent

and so simple, I can't believe I

didn't think of it. I've never heard anyone else or any

Internet guru  reveal such a powerful secret."

He went on to say, "And you know approximately 14 or 15 other

secrets as powerful as this?"

"Yes I do," I

replied. "But I'm not going to reveal them to you.

Nobody else in the world will ever know all these secrets

until June of this year." (I have now

revealed those secrets to Mark and you'll learn why very

soon.)

You know John Reese, don't you? He's about as sharp as a man

can be when it comes to making money on the Internet. He's a

great friend of mine. As a matter of fact, John just wrote a

lengthy rave review about me on his website, which I very

much appreciate. But, as much as I like, admire and respect John, I can tell you this...

You Will Never Learn These

Internet Money-Making Secrets

Even From Him!

You won't

learn them from Corey Rudl. Marlon Sanders. Ken Evoy. Or

any other Internet guru. You can only learn these

secrets from me. Except that now you can also learn them

from Mark Joyner.

Here's why: Mark and I are teaming up to give a seminar in June. It will be

here in Miami. It's not going to a super-expensive seminar

because I want as many of my readers as possible to be

there. Actually, that's not quite true. I don't want any of

my readers who are flat-out losers and living under bridges

to come. And I don't want any of my readers who are just

curiosity-seekers and won't use the information. And I

don't want any of my readers who say they really appreciate

my information, but in truth, they only read it because it's

free.

The only people I want to be there are dedicated,

hard-working, O'Dowd like people... who sincerely want a

blueprint to achieving total financial freedom and success

in EVERY area of their life.

The price of this seminar is $3,750.00... and... you can

bring one guest with you at half-price ($1,875.00). At that

seminar, I am going to teach you all of the secrets I just

referred to about making websites more profitable. Also, at

that seminar, I am going to bring to life all of the information

Vince James has included in "The 12-Month Millionaire".

And I suspect Mark Joyner might have a little something to

add when it comes to Internet marketing. (Especially now

that Mark knows my secrets.)

Oh and by the way, if it's humanly possible Vince James will

also be at my seminar as my special guest.

But the seminar is NOT only going to be about Internet

marketing. No, it's also going to be about the real secrets of

making money in marketing... using almost any media.

I'll write to you again soon and give you all the

particulars you need to attend this

spectacular seminar. I

can promise you that dollar-for-dollar, pound-for-pound,

you will get more valuable information from my seminar than

any other seminar you have ever attended. But...

There Is A Catch!

You cannot attend my seminar... unless... you have first

purchased Vincent James' information product, "The 12-Month

Millionaire"... AND... you must have already read all the newsletters

published on my website. There is a practical reason for

these requirements.

This seminar is NOT going to be for people who walk in the

door and have no idea whatsoever about marketing. This

seminar IS for people who

are dead-serious about making money and becoming successful.

By reading all the newsletters on my website, and by having

devoured all the information in "The 12-Month Millionaire", I will not have to slow down my teaching to a

kindergarten level.

Another thing which

I'm sorry to have to tell you... but... you cannot get all the

information you need by reading books, or watching videos,

or listening to audio

tapes and CD's. You see, there are certain "magic

epiphanies" that only occur when you get the information

person-to-person from a LIVE human being.

Anyway, as I said, the seminar is going to be in June and

it's going to be in Miami.

By

the way, I am offering an incredibly valuable bonus for the

first 30 people who sign up and pay for this seminar. Can

you guess what the bonus is? It's...

ME!

The first 30 people who buy "The 12-Month Millionaire" and

then sign up and pay for my seminar will be entitled...

after the seminar... for 6-months worth of consulting with

me on any project they are working on. I'll help you with the

ideas, the concepts, sourcing the products, and even if

necessary, do a little free writing for you.

And now, let me finish with both joy and pain in my heart

the rest of this newsletter.

Let me begin by telling you a few things:

First, I

did NOT send an e-mail asking if anyone's reading "The Boron

Letters" because I am someone who is desperate for attention

and feedback.

Secondly,

Theresa did NOT send an e-mail to you saying 'Gary needed a

little cheering up' because we were setting you up in some

Machiavellian way for any type of manipulative sales

situation. Theresa did it because she thought I needed a

little cheering up. Here's what happened.

My daughter and her

family visited me from Germany. Her daughter had some sort

of Nazi virus that she transmitted both to her mother and

me. It was a really nasty sucker which made it nearly

impossible for me to function.

After that, I learned my oldest son, Jeff, was quite

possibly a few heartbeats away from death.  He called

his father desperately seeking my help. Jeff got the help he

needed, he's out of the woods now and he's back working at

the construction company he owns. But it was REALLY scary

for me.

In

addition to all that, the IRS has decided they want to take

a close look at my tax returns for the last six years. I've

grappled with the IRS ever since I've been an entrepreneur.

When my Coat-of-Arms business was running at full-tilt boogie, we had

our very own IRS guy with his very own desk in our office.

He was there almost as often as our employees. Then one day,

I wrote a check for $20 and it bounced. I went to my bank

irate and said, "How could you bounce a $20 check. I have

more than $20,000 in your bank."

"Not any more",

she informed me. "The IRS came and emptied your account."

The IRS did this without filing any kind of case against me

or judgment or any kind of due process. I have since learned

something like this happens to tens of thousands of people

every working day of the year.

Another battle I had with the IRS was when my ex-partner

(Dennis Haslinger, now deceased) declared a large

portion of the money he paid to buy my share of Halbert's

Inc. was not for the purchase of my stock... but rather...

payment to me for a covenant not to compete which I should

pay tax on as ordinary income. This was not

true. But it took me approximately $30,000 (in today's

money) and five months to prove it. So, I "won" that case.

The next time the IRS came after me they said I owed

$600,000. That case was resolved by me getting a refund

check from the IRS.

What's going to happen this time? Who the hell knows?

But even for me, it is scary to deal with these people.

So

here I am dealing with a Nazi virus, the IRS, a son who is

precariously close to death and a lot of client work all

weighing down upon me. Plus, the pressure of having to write

a really excellent monthly newsletter. I'm good... but...

I'm not God... and the pressure was starting to get to me.

So

when I wrote you would be reading the final Gary

Halbert Letter, it was not because I wanted to sell you a

Vince James product, or because I wanted to set you

up for a seminar, or any other financial or commercial reason.

But the e-mails started pouring in and many of them

were thanking me for publishing my newsletters and the

contribution I had made to their lives. Many of them wanted

me to answer just a few more questions before I "departed

the scene."  You know, just like those guys I wrote

about yesterday raising my oxygen tent to ask just one more

quick question.

But the bulk of those e-mails, by far, begged me to please

not go

away. To please not stop writing. To please not stop giving

teleconferences. And to please not stop holding seminars.

I

have something to say to all of you. And I mean it with all

my heart...

Damn All Of You!

Double Damn All Of You!

Damn The Eyes Of All Of You!

And Damn Me!

The truth is, I'm trapped. Not just by all of you. I am

trapped by myself. My newsletter is a large part of my

identity. It's in my blood. I am doubly damned by the fact

that I truly love my readers. So, after a long, thoughtful, and yes, even prayerful

consideration...

I Have Decided

To Keep Publishing!

But, like that segment on Bill Maher's show, there's going to

be some new rules.

Rule #1 is, it is no longer going to be

a monthly newsletter. It's not going to be a

yearly newsletter, quarterly, weekly or daily or anything

else. It IS

going to be "The Gary Halbert Letter" whenever I feel like

writing it. Maybe there will be a month or two where you

won't get any newsletter whatsoever. Maybe you'll get five or

six letters in a month. Maybe, instead of a newsletter, I'll

publish a short piece of information or something humorous

or some "slice of life" that will uplift your

spirits. The

point is, I will publish it when I choose. When I choose between client

obligations, the IRS, medical emergencies and stuff like

that.

None of this was a manipulation. I swear to God that is

true. And I swear it on the souls of all my children. And

you can go straight to hell if you don't believe me.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

The Undisputed King Of

Shitweasels

P.S.   You are

beyond all hope if you do not order "The 12-Month

Millionaire" as soon as you finish reading this message.

Your hand should be reaching for your checkbook or the

fax or the telephone this very second.

I'll write and

tell you all about my June seminar in the next few days.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.