SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/aazz_about_nothing.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:48:38
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend &

Subscriber,

I don't know when you will be reading this

but, I am starting to write it on November 8, 2000.

This morning's Miami

Herald headline says, "BUSH

WINS IT!" The TV however, says we don't know who has

won it. Personally, I don't much care. It's just mildly

interesting as far as I'm concerned. Florida, of course, is

the "linchpin" state which means whomever down here

has the best thieves will probably manage to win (steal) the

presidential election.

Whatever.

Did you know the "Jerry Seinfeld

Show" almost didn't get on the air when Seinfeld told the

TV execs he wanted to do "a show about nothing." Why

do I tell you that? Because, this is the first period of time

in maybe 15 years where I didn't have something I was feeling pressured

to write. That's a real luxury for me and I intend to take

advantage of it. Some of you will say "Eureka!"

as you read this newsletter and your creative juices start

flowing. On the other hand, I'm sure some of you will find

this "a newsletter about nothing."

It's not going to be of earth-shaking

importance either way.

Listen: I have a tall wooden box I keep in the

main salon of my boat. It is painted a bright red. I call it

my "fodder box." I put newspaper and magazine ads

and articles in there of printed material that, for some

reason, I find interesting. There might be a rhyme or reason

to my collection but, I dare say, you will have a real

challenge on your hands if you determine to try to find it.

Anyway, here's some of the material from my

fodder box:

A.

Here's a gadget about 3" wide and little more than

4" long. It has 33 buttons on it and a screen that

measure 2-1/2" x 2". On the screen are bunches of

little pictures. To me, these little pictures look like a

closed envelope; another one looks like an open envelope; yet

another is a magnifying glass; a rolodex; but here's two

pictures of things I can't make out or understand; then

there's a calendar showing one day of the month; an alarm

clock with two bells; a calculator; this one looks like

something thumbtacked to the screen as though it were

thumbtacked to a bulletin board; here's two checkmarks; a

Swiss army knife; an airplane; and finally, something else

that confuses me. This gadget is called a

"Blackberry" and you can get it from Amazon.com.

The

ad says for $499 plus $39.95 a month, you will always be

"connected" and you can send and receive e-mail to

your heart's content. Plus, you get pager and calendar

features, with the day, date and time. And to think, after a

mere 7-1/2 years of intense study... you will be able to make

use of the alarm clock, Swiss army knife and all the other

indispensable doodads which are represented on the tiny screen

by all these tiny icons. After studying this ad carefully, I

have deduced, it is time to crumple up this piece of paper and

throw it away!

B.

Here's a pair of gasoline-powered boots which has been

designed by a Russian professor. Each of these

"Fly-Me-To-The-Moon-Boots" has its own 12"

piston that fires every time the wearer steps down on one of

them, giving him a 13 foot

stride and speed greater than Michael Jordan.

C.

Here's a headline I like. It says, "37

Things A Writer Can Do To Avoid Writing."

According to the ad under this headline, there are

approximately 500,000 books written every year in the United

States... yet... 90% of these same books are never published.

Thanks to the wonders of technology, it is now possible to

publish your book on the Internet (where absolutely nobody

will ever read it) for only a few thousand dollars.

D.

According to Reuter's, the number of millionaires in

the world increased by 18% last year. There are now 7 million

of them, with a total net worth in excess of 25.5 trillion.

(And what's holding you back?)

E.

Ted

Koppel checks his e-mail only once a month. He is not happy

about the enhanced speed of communications. He says it

detracts from reflection and carefully-considered answers and

solutions.

F.

A

man in Wausau in Wisconsin who is a former computer analyst

has won $143,000 in damages from the company which used to

employ him because... his boss spanked him. According to the

article, his boss spanked him as other co-workers watched and

when his boss was finished, he put his arm around this man and

said, "Now you're one of us."

G.

When

it comes to charity, people in Mississippi (the poorest state

per capita in the Union) donate more money to charity than any

other state. Massachusetts has once again finished dead last

for the fourth time in six years. All of this vital

information came to us in what's called "The Generosity

Index."

H.

Here's a little self-explanatory graph which I am going

to ask Theresa to reproduce in this newsletter about the cost

of postage. (Now that does have something to do with

direct mail, wouldn't you agree?)

I.

MIT

(Massachusetts Institute of Technology) is now developing

computer systems which use biorythmetic sensors attached to

the user's body and tiny cameras that record facial gestures

to develop individual emotional profiles. When a user becomes

uninterested, frustrated or bored, the software automatically

adjusts to something else.

J.

Americans lose their virginity at the youngest average

age in the world, that being 16.4. We have sex more often than

people in other countries... 132 times a year on average. The

Russians come in second with 122 times a year on average and,

the French follow in third place with 121 times and, the Greek

are next with 115. The Japanese are at the bottom of the list,

making love only 37 times a year.

The article continues saying the average number

of partners in a lifetime is 8.2. However, the United States

is listed as being the most promiscuous with 16.7 partners.

This study also says Brazilians are only third when it comes

to how many sex partners they have.

This survey was conducted by the condom maker,

Durex, and, in my opinion... it is total B.S.

K.

What

should be our priority? To help us decide, here are the

approximate number of deaths per year from the following

causes:

Smoking:

434,000

Alcohol:

105,000

Secondary Smoke

53,000

Auto Accidents:

49,000

Suicide:

31,000

AIDS:

31,000

Homicide:

22,000

Cocaine & Crack:

3,300

L.

The

Post Office in Florida encouraged people in 1925 to send live

baby alligators back home to their relatives. The cost of

sending a baby alligator to someone in your family was 25¢

according to the July 29, 1925 edition of The Miami Daily News. The size of the alligator could not be longer

than 12" and as many as 10,000 baby gators were shipped

during the course of a normal winter season.

M.

I'm

looking at a picture of a guy reading the Miami

Herald. The story beneath the picture says, "Many

years ago, my husband, John D. Locke, was a prominent

advertising manager. We lived a very interesting life and

retired in Pompano Beach. One of his highlights and every day

pleasures is reading the 'Herald.' He is now 80 years

old." (Now, isn't that special?)

N.

"Slaughterhouse Worker Uses Simple Strategies To

Become A Millionaire" - that's the headline of an ad

written by Russ Whitney.

O.

There is now a proposed regulation to set a 10' height

limit here in Florida that regulates "donkey

diving." (I kid you not.) The sponsor, Representative

Suzanne Jacobs, Democrat, Delray Beach, said the legislation

is needed because exhibitions featuring horses and mules

jumping into a pool of water is not yet covered by existing

state laws on cruelty to animals.

"The most memorable aspect of them [donkey diving] is the fear and

disorientation you notice on the animals' faces after they hit

the water," says Joe Taksel. He continues, "This

is a belly flop times ten."

One

of our legislators is pushing to get the donkey diving height

limit raised to 15 feet. However, the Bill originally drafted,

lowered the limit to only 5 feet. Personally, I think we need

to put a lot of thought into this piece of legislation.

P.

A

new tribe of people has been discovered in the Amazon Jungle

in Brazil near the border of Peru. There are only about 200

members of this tribe and they live not on the ground but,

just beneath the forest canopy. This is great breaking

news... because... it is an untapped market. It is a pocket of

people that, in my opinion, are in desperate need of a

McDonald's and a place to buy "Twisters" at KFC.

Q.

In

Japan, there is a company called Medic which markets small

range jammers which will stop cell phones from working in

movies and other public places. (And all along, I thought

there were "Cell Phone Gods.")

R.

How

many times do you think people in America go to www.nist.gov

to find out exactly what time it is? The answer is

6-1/2 million times per day.

S.

The

Welcome Wagon isn't around any more. It's said

1-1/2 million people per year used to receive a

visit from the Welcome Wagon whenever they moved to a new

home. Now, new arrivals in many cities just get a directory of

coupons mailed to them. How insensitive.

T.

"A Good Scare Is Worth More Than Good

Advice," says Sam Ewing.

U.

Here's a list of the bills in circulation in the United

States by denomination:

$1 bills:

$6,370,871,342

$2 bills:

$1,116,303,324

$5 bills:

$7,387,791,395

$10 bills:

$13,304,416,330

$20 bills:

$82,267,022,800

$50 bills:

$46,062,973,950

$100 bills:

$280,465,289,400

$500 bills:

$144,314,000

$1,000 bills:

$167,519,000

$5,000 bills:

$1,755,000

$10,000 bills:

$3,450,000

V.

There's a guy named Walter Beerman who was born March

13, 1893. He began working in Nashville at his father's

drugstore when he was about nine years old. At 105, he worked

30-hours-a-week at his son's real estate business in Lakeland,

Florida.

W.

If

you are curious, you can go to www.virtualmakeover.com

and order some ingenious software which will allow you to see

what you could look like with more than 150 kinds of

hairstyles, hats and eyewear.

X.

"Warning: Do Not Read This Unless You Are Already

Rich!" That's a killer headline I wrote for a company

back in 1998.

Y.

Los

Angeles, California is this country's #1 destination for

people who have decided to relocate.

Z.

On

the following pages is a full-page ad (reproduced to fit into

my newsletter) which appeared in Investors

Business Daily featuring Martin Weiss, President of Weiss

Research, and self-proclaimed America's #1 financial watchdog.

His long copy, full-page ad tells you how you can, if you act

quickly, avoid being devastated by the coming Y2K crisis.

"All

hell broke loose when we sent our Y2K surveys to

11,000 banks and S&Ls!

"Bankers

threatened me with lawsuits. Regulators hit the

ceiling. Why? Because over 1,305 financial

institutions are behind schedule in fixing their

computers for the Year 2000, and they don't want

you to know who they are. But I will tell you.

I'll give you the names of the most and least

vulnerable. I'll tell you where your

institution stands. Plus, I'll show you how to make

windfall profits from the coming Y2K Crash."

Dear Friend,

I recently sent surveys

to 11,000 banks and S&Ls, asking them about their

progress in fixing their computers for the Year 2000.

All hell broke loose.

Bankers sent me threatening letters. S&L managers

went ballistic. Federal regulators hit the ceiling.

One banker wrote me that

"any survey results compiled by your company...

will result in dire consequences." Another

warned: "If you release any derogatory

information regarding our... Y2K efforts, we will

immediately begin a lawsuit against your firm and its

management."

But to ensure the safety

of your money, you MUST

have this information. So I'm publishing the results

of our survey - no matter what

they say!

"Many

[bank] computers

could malfunction or

even shut down."

Congressman James A.

Leach

Here's why: If your bank

isn't ready for the Year 2000, your checking and

savings accounts could be FROZEN. Worse, just the FEAR

of this event could cause a bank run any time BEFORE

the Year 2000!

According to our surveys,

there are now at least 1,300 banks and S&Ls behind

schedule in fixing their computers. And if you add

credit unions, the number of institutions behind

schedule swells to over 6,000!

That's why Senator

Patrick Moynihan (D-NY) recently declared: A study on

Y2K by the Congressional Research Service "substantiates

the worst fears of the doomsayers."

To help protect

you from the impending disaster...

I

want to send you

the actual results of

our Y2K surveys - FREE!

My name is Martin Weiss,

publisher of the Weiss Safety Ratings and the YEAR

2000 ALERT.

According to a study by

the US General Accounting Office (GAO), our safety

ratings are more accurate than those of Moody's and

Standard & Poor's.

Louis Rukeyser says ours

is a "tougher service." Fortune says Weiss

is "the most comprehensive source" of

information.

Now, we have just

introduced the WEISS Y2K RATINGS for thousands of

banks, S&Ls and insurers.

Without the Weiss Y2K

ratings, it will be virtually impossible for

you to safeguard your money from the Y2K Crisis. With

our ratings, safeguarding your money could be the

easiest - and the most important - precaution you can

take.

That's why I want to rush

you our exclusive, one-of-a-kind Y2K ratings of the

safest and most vulnerable banks and S&Ls in

America. Plus, I will also send you our list of the

safest and most vulnerable insurance companies.

And to make sure I get

this vital, money-saving information to you as soon as

possible - I'll even send it to you FREE.

It's all in a new special

free report that I have just published - Y2K-PROOF

YOUR MONEY, by our Y2K expert and financial analyst,

John Mauldin. In it, you'll discover...

*

The safest banks, S&Ls and insurance

companies in America - and those most likely to run

into serious trouble during the Y2K Crisis...

*

3 "Red Flags" that can instantly tell

you if your bank or insurer is likely to be ready or

not...

*

Why many credit unions are particularly

vulnerable to Y2K problems - and what you can do if

you have money in one...

*

Safer than a CD: No $100,000 limit on federal

guarantee. No early withdrawal penalties...

*

How to protect your variable or fixed

annuities, whole life policies and health coverage...

Y2K-PROOF YOUR MONEY

tells you what the regulators and unprepared financial

institutions don't want you to know - and what no

other publication can tell you.

If you have a checking or

savings account... a bank money market fund or

certificate of deposit... or an insurance policy,

Y2K-PROOF YOUR MONEY is absolutely MUST-READING for

you.

But we want to do even

more to help you weather the Y2K storm.

America's

largest and richest

companies will FAIL to fix a lot

of their critical software in time!

As many as 25 to 30

Fortune 500 companies could be wiped out; up to

180,000 small companies could cease to exist. When

computers foul up, everything stops. Assembly lines

freeze... checks can't be written... and invoices

can't be issued.

Unless the problem is

fixed - and fixed FAST - Y2K-related bankruptcies are

inevitable.

The Dow could

easily fall 4,000 points before the dust settles. And

a lot of the bloodletting will take place well BEFORE

the Year 2000 deadline. That's why I also want to send

you, as a second FREE gift, a copy of Y2K-PROOF YOUR

INVESTMENTS: How To Make A Fortune In The Y2K Crash.

In it, you will discover...

*

The Y2K Losers: Companies that are most

likely to suffer from the Y2K Crisis. Get rid of them now

before the crowd, or your investments could be wiped

out.

*

The Y2K Winners: Companies that are most

likely to be ready for the Year 2000. When others have

sold these shares in a panic, you will be scooping

them up and making a fortune.

*

Mutual funds: Which ones to avoid, and

which ones will actually profit from the decline.

*

An amazing mutual fund that will

automatically surge 20% every time the stock

market falls 10%.

*

An investment that you can buy today, BEFORE

the Y2K stock market decline, which could be worth 10

or 20 times more AFTER the decline.

*

The Y2K Bounce: Just when people have

given up hope, things will be getting back to normal.

That's when you'll see one of the sharpest,

rip-roaring bouncebacks of all time - and will do some

serious bargain hunting. Institutions and

individual investors will be in a frenzy to own those

stocks. We'll own them first.

The Y2K Crisis will be

the mother of all money-making opportunities. And I

want you to be with us - on the winning side!

More

Important Than Money: How To Protect

Your Home And Family From A Y2K Disaster

Some well-intentioned,

but rather hysterical analysts say you should sell

everything, pull up stakes and move to the country.

Then they say you should spend a fortune on storage

food, electrical generators, and guns and ammo.

Frankly, I believe that kind of advice does more

harm

than good.

What you need is

real-world help - advice you can actually use to

minimize the impact Y2K will have on you personally.

That's why I also want to

send you a FREE copy of Y2K-PROOF YOUR HOME AND

FAMILY: Your Personal Year 2000 Survival Manual.

This practical,

step-by-step guide is based on our own cautious and

balanced assessment of the impact Y2K is likely to

have on your city, your home and your family. You'll

discover...

*

What you should know about the potential for

food and water shortages - and what you really need in

order to ensure your family's needs are met.

*

How to best deal with a health crisis at home -

plus urgent advice for anyone on insulin or other

long-term prescription drug treatments.

*

Simple strategies for coping with electrical

failures and brownouts - and how even lengthy

disruptions can be remedied by the average homeowner.

All

3 Timely Y2K Survival

Guides Are Yours, FREE!

These three gifts are

carefully designed to help you take three giant steps

toward weathering - and actually profiting from - the

Y2K Crisis:

STEP #1:

Protect Your Money - Your FREE copy of Y2K-PROOF YOUR

MONEY reveals the banks, S&Ls and insurance

companies best-prepared to protect your money from a

Year 2000 disaster - plus the institutions that are

LEAST prepared...

STEP #2:

Protect Your Investments And Prepare To Profit - Your

FREE copy of Y2K-PROOF YOUR INVESTMENTS: How To Make A

Fortune In The Crash gives you simple yet powerful

strategies for both protecting your investments and

actually piling up more wealth even while millions of

others are losing theirs...

STEP #3:

Protect Your Home And Family - Your FREE copy of

Y2K-PROOF YOUR HOME AND FAMILY: Your Personal Year

2000 Survival Manual helps guarantee the safety and

comfort of your home and family.

For the next 60 days,

I've arranged for you to receive all three gifts free

with your risk-free subscription to YEAR 2000 ALERT,

edited by our Y2K expert, John Mauldin. This is our

monthly guide to surviving and growing wealthy before,

during and after the Y2K Crisis.

It's through the YEAR

2000 ALERT that we keep you up to date on all the

rapidly changing developments in banking and

investments.

Plus, this is where we

introduce you to those companies that are likely to

enjoy the most success before and during the Great Y2K

Bounce I told you about. Here are just two examples:

*

A leading health equipment company which is already

Y2K compliant today. It will dramatically increase

market share and even buy the competition for a

fraction of today's value.

*

A little known company that actually makes a

killing from buying bad dept, sometimes for pennies on

the dollar. The Y2K Crash will be a bonanza for this

company.

In each issue, you get

the very latest information from the most

knowledgeable, unbiased experts in government,

utilities, engineering and finance.

Most important, you'll

discover how to plan your finances in such a way that

you'll actually make money - a lot of money - during

the Y2K Crash.

The

Y2K Panic Is Not Waiting

Around For You Or Anyone

Else. It's Already Beginning

To Hit Markets Right Here

And Now.

In 1999, long before the

computers and banks and insurance companies crash, the

public could be panicking, rushing to withdraw their

funds.

To protect your

money and your investments - and to position

yourself

for the profits of a lifetime - you have to ACT NOW.

The Y2K Crisis is already here. There is nothing you

can do to stop it.

Normally, a full year of

YEAR 2000 ALERT is a bargain at just $98 per year. But

if I hear from you within the next 30 days, it's yours

for just $49. That's just 13 cents a day.

Call us at 800-871-2374

and she'll arrange to have these free gifts sent to

you immediately. Plus, ask her to give you - right

over the phone - a Weiss Y2K Rating for YOUR bank,

S&L or insurance company.

Some institutions

responded to our survey with angry letters and

threats. But many also sent us the information we need

to assign a Y2K readiness rating. We can't guarantee

yours is among them. But if it's not, we'll give you

your overall safety rating for your institution, plus

the phone number of its Y2K Project Manager or

financial officer!

Don't wait. Get your

money to safety - and start making huge

profits - before

the Y2K panic begins. Call NOW.

Sincerely,

Martin Weiss, Publisher

P.S. Sign up for

two years - 24 months - and I'll send you FOUR

additional bonus gifts to help you survive and thrive:

The Weiss Y2K Watchdog

Service closely monitors the Y2K status of up to

three banks, S&Ls and/or insurance companies for

you and alerts you by first-class mail if the rating

of any of them changes. (Normally, Weiss Ratings

charges $300 for two years of this service - but it's

yours, FREE with your two-year subscription to YEAR

2000 ALERT!)

Three Mutual Funds

That Will Soar Before And During The Y2K Crisis.

One fund will automatically rise 10% for every 10%

decline in the S&P! You get no margin calls. And

your investment never expires. The other is even more

aggressive - it will go up 20% for every 10% decline

in the S&P. The third makes money whether the

market goes up

or down.

Get Out Now! 18

Popular Stocks That Will Be Hit Hardest By The Y2K

Crisis. The Y2K debacle will pound these 18

Goliaths with devastating sales declines. Their

earnings will be hammered 50%, 60%, even 100%. You'll

discover a great way to cash in on the calamity. Our

technique is simple, the risk is clearly limited; and

the profit potential is explosive!

Y2K And Your

Retirement. How to build a Y2K firewall around

your nest egg, and how to keep it growing no matter

what happens in the stock market.

P.P.S. Whether

you subscribe for one year or two, if you're not 100%

satisfied with any aspect of our information or

advice, just call or write our office within 60 days

and you'll receive a full refund, no questions asked.

And you may keep ALL the materials you've received

from us with my personal thanks for taking a look at

YEAR 2000 ALERT!

About the above ad, was the guy who wrote it a

flat-out con man... or... an idiot? I honestly don't think he

was either. I just think he is another piece of living

proof...

It's Now Virtually Impossible

For Any Of Us To Predict The Future

With Any Reliability Whatsoever

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

Thank

you for indulging me in the luxury of writing this

"newsletter about nothing." Next month, I

promise, I will write about something.

P.S.#2

By

the way, I'm just curious, did any of you find this

issue of my newsletter even a little bit interesting?

Fax me at (352) 861-1665 and let me know.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.