SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/Newletter-archives-protected/Boron/TChapter17.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:47:46
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

The Boron Letters - Chapter 17

Thursday, 10:31 AM

June 28, 1984

Dear Bond,

Yesterday, the last thing I wrote about was how I want you

to take the Tova “facelift ad” and copy it in your

handwriting. I also said you should do this just as you

would if you were going to take it to a secretarial service

and have it typed.

Here’s more: From now on, for the next 4 or 5 months I want

you to do this same thing with other ads and DM pieces. But

I don’t want you to just copy any old ad or DM piece. I want

you to copy only the best.

Now, here’s why I want you to do all this: You see, what

happens when you actually write out a good ad in your own

handwriting is that the words and the flow and the sentence

structure and the sequence of information and everything

else about the writing of that ad becomes a part of you.

This isn’t just an empty

experience. This is a way of

internally imprinting on your mind and body, the process of

good writing. If you do this often enough you will soon have

a deep “inside out” understanding of what it takes and what

it feels like to write a good piece of copy. Now, in the

beginning I want you to allow me and Blade to pick which ads

and DM pieces for you to copy. And, of course, the ones we

will select for you to write out in your own handwriting

will be those that we already know to be the cream of the

crop. Ads and DM pieces that are proven winners. Ones that

have brought in millions and even tons of dollars.

It is important to do this. It is one of the many

disciplines that other lazy “would be” marketing geniuses

will not suffer. That’s too bad for them and good for us. I

love that my so called “competition” is so lazy. I love it

that so many people in advertising and marketing are too

sophisticated, too “above” this sort of thing.

Let me tell you a little tale about a man I very much

respect who was not above doing this sort of thing. He

wanted to become a great writer (he was!) and so what he did

was take great books and copy them (in a sense he was

actually writing them) in his own handwriting just as I am

instructing you to do. He did this for a long time. Now here

is something else he took the trouble to do: Since one of

the books he wanted to write involved what it was like to

cross the ocean under horrible conditions, what he did was

travel the ocean himself in the bowels of rusty old

freighters.

Well, naturally, before he was finished he had an internal

deep rooted “cellular” knowledge of the process of writing a

good book and he also knew what it was like to travel the

ocean in misery.

Did all of this pay off? You bet is did. This man’s name is

Arthur Haley and his book “Roots” is one of the best sellers

of all time.

End of sermon. Do it. Here is a short list of “killer”

promotions to get you started.

Tova Ad

How To Burn Off

Body Fat Hour By Hour

The Beverly Hills Diamond Ad

The Original

Family Coat-Of-Arms

Letter

How To Collect

From Social Security

At Any Age

How To Get What

The U.S. Government

Owes You

The Famous Dollar Bill Letter

From The Robert Collier

Letter Book

The Amazing Blackjack Secret

Of A Las Vegas Mystery Man

The Original

Astrology Today Ad

Written By Ben Suarez

There’s more. But the above (at the rate of one per week)

will keep you busy for a couple of months.

Now, here are a few other tips on how to write good copy or

, as a matter of fact, “good anything”. Use simple common

everyday words. Use “get” instead of “procure.” Write short

sentences and short paragraphs. Use “transition” words and

phrases to make your writing flow smoothly. Do you notice

how I use transition words and phrases such as the

following?

Well, as a matter of fact, I first blah...

Now, naturally, we don’t want to blah, blah...

And, of course, here is what she said blah, blah,

blah...

Now, here’s a few more great ideas: Ask questions once in a

while and then answer them yourself. Like this:

Bond, do you understand what I am saying? You do. Good, then

let’s go on. Etc.

How do we get the benefits? The answer is simple. All we

have to do is etc., etc.

Can you imagine that? I know it seems unbelievable but facts

are facts! Etc., etc., etc.

And so on. God I love to write “And so on.” Kurt Vonnegut

uses it quite often and he is one of the best writers I’ve

read.

What is a good writer? Well, in my opinion a good writer is

one who makes things perfectly clear. He makes it easy for

the reader. Easy-to-understand what he is saying, easy to

keep reading. And, if you want a treat, if you want to read

an entertaining book written with great clarity, then read

Vonnegut’s “Breakfast of Champions.”

Now, don’t get me wrong. I said the book was written

clearly, I did not say it was written by a sane person.

Onward.

By the way, do you notice how little one word transition

sentences like “onward.” keep the flow going? You say you do

notice? O.k., smarty, see if you can answer this question:

Question:

What is the best way of becoming a

good writer?

Aha! You’re not absolutely certain about this one, are you?

Here is the answer:

The Best Way To Become

A Good Writer... Is By...

Writing Good Writing!

And, of course, that’s what the subject of this entire

letter is all about. Don’t worry about developing a “style.”

Your own peculiarities will emerge soon enough.

But remember this. (Ran out of ink) The very best writing

goes unnoticed. That’s right. You don’t want someone to read

one of your ads and say “Gosh, that advertisement was sure

well written!”

No. What you really want is for the reader to

order from

your ad. Listen up dummy. “If you are writing for applause...

you will go home with empty pockets!”

Write for

money!

Here is something else to keep in mind: It is a good idea to

know “word pictures” that will help your reader vicariously

experience the wonderful benefits of owning your product or

service. Like this:

“And, just wait till you step into that warm inviting

jacuzzi that comes with every apartment. Man oh man! The

feel of that soothing bubbling water against your bare skin

is just plain heaven.”

“You’ve heard of the expression about how you won’t believe

your eyes? Well, this is one time you won’t believe your

eyes. No kidding. The delightful aroma of these charcoal

broiled steaks will remind you how good it feels to be

genuinely hungry”

“Wow! When I first felt her tongue going around and around

on my skin I thought I was going to scream!”

Etc. (I’m tired. These are not great examples but they’ll do

for now.)

I’ve got 4 minutes to go. What can I teach you in that

amount of time?

Here’s a little something: You can make your copy easier to

read by the judicious use of parentheses. For example, if

you want to tell people that your offer is good anywhere in

the U.S. (except Alaska) the proper use of parentheses, as I

just did, makes the copy easier-to-read, easier to

understand and provides a little “eye relief” for your

reader.

That’s it.

I Love You and Good Luck!

Dad

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.