SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/Dec%2704.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:17
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Tuesday, 9:00 p.m.

Dear

Friend & Subscriber,

Years

ago, in what now seems another life, Jay Abraham asked me to read

a sales letter written to sell a subscription to a financial newsletter.

He

then asked me, "Do you think you can do better than this?"

I replied, "Yes, I could beat this letter if I was in

a coma."

So,

I wrote a sales letter to compete against the one he had shown

me. My letter did exponentially better than the other one. But

to me, it wasn't much of an accomplishment. You see, the letter

Jay had shown me was poorly written, thematically flawed, and

in general, what I considered to be a very amateurish, clumsy

effort.

After

writing that first letter, I started writing sales letters for

financial products on an almost assembly-line basis. I wrote them

for coin dealers, Agora Publishing, KCI Publishing, Phillips Publishing,

and others. These were companies that mailed tens of millions

of sales letters a year.

It

was such an easy gig for me, I could almost sleep through all

of the "work" I was doing.

But

That Was Soon To Change!

One

day (when I was living in Oakwood Garden Apartments in Burbank,

California) I read a sales letter (it would turn out to be the

first of many) written by a man named Gary Bencivenga. As I read

that letter, my heart sank.

His

sales letter was so well crafted, so impactful from a sales point

of view, I knew if I had to compete against this guy, it would

no longer be like shooting fish in a barrel.

This

guy was good! In fact, he wasn't just good, he was unbelievably

good!

Throughout

the years, Gary created a steady stream of some of the best sales

messages ever written. But I think even beyond his outstanding

writing ability, his understanding of human psychology is truly

exceptional.

Gary

recently sent a Christmas message to all of his subscribers and

it touched my heart so much, I am (with his permission) reproducing

it here. Don't start reading it thinking it is simply a "holiday

message" (it WILL lift the heart of everyone who reads it)...

but... do pay special attention because it also contains a very

valuable marketing lesson.

Anyway,

without further ado, here's a very special message from my friend,

Gary Bencivenga:

This

story is about another father of a disabled child, in

his case, a son named Shaya.

This

story was originally reported in the New York newspapers.

It was so touching, it spread like wildfire across the

internet, and many began to question, "Did this

really happen, or is it just another urban legend?"

Well,

that's the amazing part of this story. It is true. In

fact, because of all the buzz, a web site called "TruthOrFiction.com"

investigated and has reported that, yes, the story is

indeed true. It has also been confirmed by no less an

authority than the highly respected Rabbi and author,

Paysach Krohn of Brooklyn, who says that he personally

knows the participants and that every word of the story

is true as originally reported. As I said, the story

is about Shaya, a learning disabled boy in Brooklyn.

On

weekends, Shaya and his dad like to go for walks. As

they do, they like to stop and watch the neighborhood

boys play baseball.

On

this one Sunday afternoon, as they approached the ball

field, Shaya looked up at his father and asked, "Dad,

do you think they would let me play?"

Now,

this gave Dad a dilemma. He knows his son is learning

disabled, very uncoordinated, and has never played baseball

before. But Dad also knows the neighborhood boys have

always treated Shaya with kindness. And he feels that

if he, his father, doesn't speak up for Shaya, who will?

So

he walked over to one of the boys and asked, "What

do you think about letting Shaya in the game?"

The

boy didn't know what to say, and looked around to his

teammates for guidance. Not getting any, he took matters

into his own hands. He said, "Well, we're about

to start the 8th inning, and we're losing by six runs.

I don't think we're going to win this game, so what's

the difference? Get him a glove and he can play behind

second base, in short center field," which

Shaya did with a big smile on his face.

In

the bottom of the 8th inning, Shaya's team rallied and

scored three runs. But they were still losing by three.

In

the bottom of the 9th, they rallied again. They had

three runners on base, two out, and it was Shaya's turn

to bat.

Dad

wondered, will they even let him bat? But without hesitation,

one of the boys shouted, "Shaya, you're up!,"

and he was handed a bat. But as he stood at home plate,

it was obvious to all that Shaya didn't even know how

to hold the bat, let alone hit with it.

So

the pitcher moved in a couple of feet and lobbed the

ball very softly so Shaya could at least make contact.

Shaya

swung and missed by a wide margin. Before the second

pitch, one of Shaya's teammates called out, "Hold

on, let me help him. Let me show him how to bat."

This boy came and stood behind Shaya, and put his arms

around him so the two boys were now holding the bat

together.

The

pitcher moved in a couple more feet and again lobbed

the ball as softly as he could.

The

two boys swung the bat together and managed to tap a

soft grounder right back toward the pitcher. Shaya's

teammates yelled, "Run, Shaya! Run to first!"

And he took off for first base.

But

the pitcher pounced on the ball in an instant and could

easily have thrown Shaya out at first, ending the game.

Instead, the pitcher took the ball and, with obvious

intention, threw it on a high arc way over the first

baseman's head, all the way into the outfield.

Shaya

was safe at first. The first baseman turned him toward

second and said, "Run, Shaya, run to second!"

But

by then, the right fielder had chased down the ball

and he, too, could have easily thrown Shaya out, at

second. But he understood what the pitcher had done.

So he threw the ball not just over second base, but

way over the third baseman's head, so far that nobody

was going to retrieve that ball.

As

Shaya chugged into second base, the opposing shortstop

ran towards him, turned him towards third base and shouted,

"Run, Shaya, run to third!"

Of

course, by now the three runners who had been on base

had scored. The game was tied, Shaya represented the

winning run, and his teammates were screaming with excitement.

As

Shaya rounded third base, every boy from his team...

and several from the opposing team on the field... were

all running behind him, cheering him home.

And

as he put his foot on home plate, both teams gathered

around him, lifted him on their shoulders and cheered

him as the hero of the game. He had just hit a home

run and won the game. These boys gave Shaya the thrill

of his life. Of course, they gave him something even

more precious--their acceptance.

Obviously,

these boys had either been taught, or perhaps had discovered

on their own, the greatest secret of human happiness.

And that is . . . .

We

Experience Our Moments Of Purest Joy At Precisely Those

Moments When We Are Causing It In Others.

It

is a truism of life--whatever we give out comes back

to us, multiplied. Which brings me back to the beginning

of this message . . . .

In

the hurly burly of the holiday crush, if you want to

experience some genuine joy, all you need do is take

a few moments to spread some joy around yourself.

Maybe

it's time to call an old friend who needs calling. Or

to forgive what needs forgiving. To let a family member

hear some healing words. Perhaps write that note that

needs writing. Smile an accepting smile at the next

disabled person you encounter. Or maybe to just relax

in the moment with someone older who'd love your undivided

attention for a few minutes, as all living things thrive

on attention.

Of

course, you may ask, what does all this have to do with

effective marketing, the usual subject of these Bullets?

Nothing,

really.

And

everything.

As

Malcolm Forbes was fond of saying, "In all thy

getting, get understanding."

It's

vital for all of us to understand that our prospects

and customers are people, too . . . and people like

to connect with others who are unafraid of showing a

little humanity, of taking some time now and then to

share a laugh, feel some warmth, express some sympathy,

do a favor, help a charity, be a friend. Whatever your

product, however impressive your expertise, people will

never care how much you know until they know how much

you care.

Every

now and then, toss a few pebbles of caring into your

pond of contacts. Those ripples of friendship will spread

and unfailingly return to you in waves of appreciation

and loyalty.

Especially

at this time of year, we all need to rediscover, like

Scrooge in "A Christmas Carol," the giddy

delight of perpetrating on unsuspecting humanity some

random acts of kindness, some senseless acts of joy.

*

* * * *

If

you would like to share Shaya's story of joy with anyone

you know, you certainly have my permission to forward

this e-mail to as many people as you wish, to spread

a little cheer yourself and honor the spirit of the

season.

I'd

like to tell you something else that's very special about Gary.

Every Thanksgiving he sends a large, solid gold coin to someone

who has affected his life in a positive way.

And

one of the things of which I am most proud is... Gary sent me

one of these coins back in the 90's. Unfortunately, due to earthquakes,

floods, hurricanes, and the other discombobulations of my life,

I no longer have that coin. But, to me, that doesn't really matter.

What DOES matter is the memory of knowing a man such as Gary Bencivenga

held me in enough esteem to bestow me with that gold coin. That's

about as high an honor to which a person like me can aspire.

Anyway,

he publishes a monthly newsletter on the Internet called "Bencivenga

Bullets" and everybody in marketing should be reading them

(and printing them for their fodder file). Even though Gary's

"Bullets" are free... they are truly invaluable. You

can find them at www.BencivengaBullets.com.

Next

year (2005) Gary is hosting a seminar in New York City. John Carlton

will be there. So will Scott "Mongo" Haines. And yes,

I will be there too. (Along with many other "celebrity"

marketers.) But, each of us will be there as attendees... not

as participants. So don't bother asking any of us questions. We'll

be too busy ourselves taking notes and learning from one of the

handful of true living legends of copywriting and marketing.

There

is no seminar on earth I can think of that would be more worth

attending than the one going to be given by Gary Bencivenga in

2005. You can be certain (barring some sort of (tragedy) every

sane marketing genius in the world will be there to sit at his

feet and learn from him.

You

know, as you walk through life you cannot help but be aware of

all the corrupt business men, thieves, sex offenders, crooked

politicians, war lords, murderers, greedy religious leaders, lying

CEO's, and just plain jerks. But, every once in a while on this

path through life, you come across "a Gary Bencivenga".

A person...

Who

Restores Your Faith In The Decency Of Mankind!

On

a personal level, I would like to wish each and every one of you

a Merry Christmas and a happy holiday season (whichever is appropriate)

and I pledge in 2005 I will redouble my efforts to provide value

for you, my newsletter readers.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

I'm feeling especially grateful for all the blessings I have in

my personal life... but...

Don't

Expect That To Continue!

Unlike

Gary Bencivenga, I am unable to sustain kindness, integrity and

decency over any prolonged period of time. Therefore, I can pretty

much assure you that in the almost immediate future I will, once

again, be obnoxious, rude, chauvinistic and 100% politically incorrect.

I'm sorry. I just can't help it!

Peace.

Click Here

To View Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want To Be On My Newsletter Announcement

List

Copyright © Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights Reserved.