SOURCE: https://thegaryhalbertletter.com/Goodbye%2004-05-05.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:52:44
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

This is the first time I can ever remember sitting down to

write a letter and being nervous I will not be able to

communicate my message clearly.

I

almost don't know where to begin. So following my

time-tested method, I'm just going to plunge right in and

see how it comes out.

First of all, one way my readers can be divided is, those

who are on my announcement list... and... those who are not.

All that happens when you are on my announcement list is,

you get an e-mail whenever I post a new newsletter telling

you it's up on my website. You don't have to be on this

announcement list because anybody can go to my website at

any time and see if there's anything new posted on it.

Many people may choose not to be on my announcement list

because they don't want to give up their e-mail address or

other "personal" information. My pet name for these type

people are "lurkers".

I

don't blame these individuals for being a "lurker"

especially if they don't know me. In many cases, giving up

your e-mail address... even to get access to free

information... will mean you will be subject to an endless

barrage of e-mails.

I,

personally, rue the day I signed up for "Classmates.com". I

get so many messages from them telling me about new high

school classmates I will be able to learn about (if I pay

money to join their site)... that sometimes, it seems to

me... they are promising to provide me with information

about more classmates than actually attended my high school.

Another site I gave up my e-mail address to was

"DoubleYourDating.com". I get almost daily messages from

that website. Actually, they are well written and

informative. I would bet whoever owns that site makes a good

profit with it. But, I was only curious. I really don't want

to learn how to "double my dating" because I am in a 100%

monogamous relationship and happy with it.

One point I'm trying to make here is, there is so much

information coming at all of us (especially through

television and the Internet) that I, personally, don't want

any more information. Even if it's good or great

information. My information cup runneth over. It has spilled

unto other cups. I cannot deal with one more drop of

information.

It's like someone serving you a 97-course meal, where each

course is more delicious than the previous one. But you get

to the point where you don't want the next ultra-delicious

course because it's going to take you days to digest the

37-courses you've already eaten.

Anyway, if you are on my announcement list, on March 31 you

received an e-mail from me that said:

Subject Line: The Last Boron Letter

E-mail Message:

The last chapter of The Boron Letters (Chapter

25) is now posted on my website (www.TheGaryHalbertLetter.com).

One day next

week, probably Monday or Tuesday, I'm going to

publish the last issue of my newsletter, "The

Gary Halbert Letter".

I've been writing

"The Gary Halbert Letter" on a monthly basis

since September, 1986. There were a few months I

didn't write an issue but then again there were

other months when I published more than one

newsletter. In any case, that means I've written

approximately 18 solid years of monthly

newsletters.

I hope you have

enjoyed reading them. I hope you have enjoyed

reading "The Boron Letters". And I hope you

enjoy my last issue which will be published next

week.

However you feel

about the body of writing I've created for my

readers after nearly two decades, I think we can

all agree on at least one thing...

It's Been A Hell Of A Ride...

Hasn't It?!

In any case, I'd

like to thank all of you (and that's from the

heart) for giving me a chance to touch your

lives and vice versa.

That's it for

now.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

The Alpha

Shitweasel

Then again on April 1 readers who are on my announcement

list essentially received the same e-mail but with slight

changes. It said:

Subject Line: The End

E-mail Message:

Because of spam filters, I thought it a good

idea to send this e-mail message again. For some

of you, it may be the first time you read it.

And this message is too important not to send it

again.

The last chapter

of The Boron Letters (Chapter 25) is now posted

on my website (www.TheGaryHalbertLetter.com).

One day next

week, probably Monday or Tuesday, I'm going to

publish the last issue of my newsletter, "The

Gary Halbert Letter".

I've been writing

"The Gary Halbert Letter" on a monthly basis

since September, 1986. There were a few months I

didn't write an issue but then again there were

other months when I published more than one

newsletter. In any case, that means I've written

approximately 18 solid years of monthly

newsletters.

I hope you have

enjoyed reading them. I hope you have enjoyed

reading "The Boron Letters". And I hope you

enjoy my last issue which will be published next

week.

However you feel

about the body of writing I've created for my

readers after nearly two decades, I think we can

all agree on at least one thing...

It's Been A Hell Of A Ride...

Hasn't It?!

In any case, I'd

like to thank all of you (and that's from the

heart) for giving me a chance to touch your

lives and vice versa.

That's it for

now.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

The Alpha

Shitweasel

This has created such a flood of e-mail communications to

me, I have been reading them for days (and am still reading

them). They were coming in so fast, I couldn't read one and

go on to the next one before others were stacking up in my

"In Box". In other words, I was getting so many e-mails, it

was impossible to clear out my "In Box".

One of the things about all this is, many of the "lurkers"

did not know I had decided this would be the final Gary

Halbert Newsletter until they read THIS particular

newsletter. All of the announcement people already knew. I

am sure most of the "lurkers" are just finding out about the

announcements I sent out on March 31 and April 1 as they

read this newsletter.

OK, now I am going to jump around a little bit. But don't

worry. I'll pull it all together before this newsletter is

finished.

First, many times when I do teleconferences, I ask the host

to "undo" the mute buttons of the listeners so I can have

them all say, "Hi Gary" or something like that in order to

reassure myself I am not talking into a vacuum.

And sometimes when I'm speaking at a seminar, the room is

deathly silent. At first, I thought it was because I was

boring the people to the point of apathy. Then later I

caught on to the fact the attendees were incredibly

silent... because... they were paying such rapt attention to

what I was saying.

In

any case, when I began posting "The Boron Letters" on my

website, I wasn't getting my normal flow of feedback. So I

sent a short e-mail message to my announcement list

basically asking, "Hey, is there anybody out there paying

attention to these letters? Am I wasting my time posting

them?"

Shortly after that, I was having a "bad hair day" and

Theresa (without my knowledge) wrote to my announcement list

an e-mail saying I could use a bit of cheering up. She said

maybe some of my readers could send me an e-mail to brighten

my spirits.

In

any case, these two particular announcements created the

first flood of e-mails to me. And when I say "flood" I mean

a torrent of e-mails.

A

few people even asked me if Theresa's writing about me

having a bad hair day was some sort of marketing trick. That

maybe I was using it to set people up to sell them

something. That was very few people but still, it irritated

me.

First, as I said, I had no idea Theresa was sending such an

e-mail. And certainly, it was not some sort of marketing

trick. It was just her way of trying to lighten my load a

little bit.

You know, people seem to watch and read what I'm doing so

intensely and so carefully, they are always trying to figure

out my motive for doing what I do. Much of the time, they're

trying to figure out a motive which simply doesn't exist.

You ever hear the old joke about the two psychiatrists

walking towards each other down a sidewalk? As they approach

each other one of them says, "Hello" and they both

keep on walking their separate ways. But the other

psychiatrist says to himself, "Gee, I wonder what he

meant by that?"

The truth is, many times there is LESS to what people

are saying and doing (including me) than what meets the eye.

Sometimes "hello" just means "hello". Sometimes when Theresa

does something like sending a message that Gary's a little

bit down, it's just a message that Gary's a little bit down.

It wasn't Machiavellian at all. She just thought I needed a

little cheering up.

In

any case, this virtual flood of e-mails has resulted in a

lot of questions. I'm going to answer the two most common

questions right now.

The #1 most common question is:

"Am I Going To Leave My Website

Up?"

The answer to that question is:

"Yes."

Many people were so afraid I wasn't going to leave my

website up, they frantically printed every issue on my

website. Rest assured, at the very least for the foreseeable

future, my website will still be there for you to read,

download, re-read and study.

The second most common question was asked a number of ways

but they all went something like:

"What happened to your son?"

or

"How did your son, Bond turn out?

Did he appreciate all those

letters?

Did he take them to heart?

Did he become a success?

Did he just ignore them and go off

to

become a tattooed drug addict?"

The answer to that question is:

Bond Leads The Most

Well Balanced Life Of

Anyone I Know!

Here is Bond's situation today: He is happily married to a

woman he deeply loves. He has two beautiful and exceptional

children, one girl and one boy. He works pretty much when he

feels like working. He is not obsessed as his father was

with making millions of dollars. Bond has done well enough

for himself financially to lead a good, but not extravagant

life. But then again, Bond's not interested in an

extravagant life. He's interested in the quality of his life

and spending quality time with his family.

Bond's into hiking, camping, and something called

"geocaching". He is a student of direct marketing. And he

has had (with my guidance) enough success in that field to

live exactly the life and lifestyle he wants to live.

Bond has said he's VERY appreciative of the letters I wrote

to him. And although he doesn't follow all my teachings with

religious zeal, he does follow most of them... and... they

have helped lead him down the path to a happy, complacent

life.

One nice thing resulting from "The Boron Letters" is, he

(Bond) has already started writing letters to his own

daughter and son... even though... they are not yet old

enough to read them. Even so, one day he will have a

treasure trove of wit and wisdom to give them and leave as

his legacy.

What we have started here is, I believe, a new family

tradition.

I

never wanted Bond to get a college education because I think

they are basically worthless. But he did get one any way

(without my help). He has a degree in International Business

Administration. One of the things I'm very proud of, is Bond

has said to several people he learned more in a half day

hanging out with his father than he did in all his years

spent at college.

And for what it's worth, Bond said I should tell all my

readers he is pretty much satisfied with the father he

has... so... he's not shopping around for another one.

On

the other hand, Bond has done something to disgrace the

Halbert family name. As far as I know, no Halbert male

(before Bond) ever married a woman... unless... that woman

was pregnant. After all...

What Would Be The Point?

In

Bond's case, he not only married his wife when she was not

pregnant, but they actually practiced planned parenthood.

Bond and his wife had their children when circumstances

dictated it would actually be the best time to start and

then continue their family. (Did those last few remarks piss

anyone off? I hope they did. Because I need reassurance I'm

the same old Gary Halbert I used to be.)

I've got a lot more to write in this newsletter but I'm

going to stop for now. I'm tired. And I still have to put

the finishing touches on a piece of marketing I just wrote

for a client.

So, fear not, my little website newsletter reader. You can

come back to my website tomorrow (Wednesday) and read Part

II of this particular newsletter. I hope you do that. I

think you'll find it interesting.

To be continued...

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click

Here If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2005 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.