SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zaza_interesting_facts.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:41
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend

& Subscriber,

I have a confession to make.

But, don't get too excited. It's not much of a

"juicy" confession. Nothing about drugs, sex, rock

'n' roll or felonious misconduct.

Here it is: I've gotten into the habit of

writing my December newsletter on December 31 and, I start

writing it a short time before midnight. I did that again this

year but, after only a few minutes, I stopped writing.

You see, earlier in the evening, I had visited

with the father of my son's wife. His name is David Proval and

he played the vicious "Richie" character on the hit

T.V. series "The Sopranos." On the show, he was a

very believable 'scary mob guy.' In person, he's quiet,

soft-spoken and totally non-threatening. Obviously, he's a

very, very good actor. After visiting with him, I went with my

son and his wife to a party in Palos Verdes hosted by my

friend, Dave Kekich. Dave has a new woman in his life and, I

think they are going to get married.

Anyway, I left the party early so I could

compose my December newsletter before midnight. I went back to

La Reve (a great little, almost "secret" hotel in

Los Angeles) and started on it when I realized I couldn't

think of anything significant to write about. My thoughts

flickered back over the events of the past year. I had

"mind flashes" on stuff like the unbelievable and

mostly insane presidential election... all the people I had

known who were suffering mightily at the unmerciful hands of

fate... the immense joy I had playing with my new

granddaughter (Emma Rose) who is the most beautiful and happy

baby I've ever seen. There were a lot of incidents of note in

the year 2000 starting, of course, with the

"non-event" of the Y2K crisis, the demise and

bankruptcies of enumerable dot.com companies, etc. I found it

astonishing that Time magazine

selected George Bush as their "Person of the Year"

since his singularly outstanding achievement was the

successful theft of a presidential election.

Can you imagine such a man being elected

"Person of the Year"... and... the scientific team

who broke the genetic code (the most important achievement of

the 20th century) was not even mentioned?

Thinking of all this made me feel more like

sleeping than writing. So, that's what I did. That's why there

was not, nor will ever be, a December 2000 issue of The

Gary Halbert Letter.

But now, here it is January of a sparkling new

year with all of the promise of pleasure, profits and pain of

the coming twelve months that is laid out before us. Since

it's my job to help you with the profit part of that equation,

I thought I'd begin by giving you another lesson in

copywriting. This lesson is designed to jump start your

sluggish mind and multiply your income. Why didn't I write

about this particular topic before? It's very simple, I

forgot. Without further adieu, let us begin this lesson.

Here are 35 facts I bet you would have never

known, if you weren't reading this issue of my newsletter.

Interesting

Facts

1.

Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.

2.

Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.

3.

There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.

4.

The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.

5.

A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.

6.

There are more chickens than people in the world.

7.

Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New

Jersey.

8.

The longest one-syllable word in the English language

is "screeched."

9.

On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the

Parliament building is an American flag.

10.

All of the clocks in the movie "Pulp Fiction"

are stuck on 4:20.

11.

No word in the English language rhymes with month,

orange, silver, or purple.

12.

"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends

in the letters "mt".

13.

All 50 States are listed across the top of the Lincoln

Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.

14.

Almonds are a member of the peach family.

15.

Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a

dance.

16.

Maine is the only State whose name is just one

syllable.

17.

There are only four words in the English language which

end in "dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous,

and hazardous.

18.

The characters "Bert" and "Ernie"

on Sesame Street were named after "Bert the cop" and

"Ernie the taxi driver" in Frank Capra's

"It's a Wonderful Life."

19.

A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.

20.

An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.

21.

Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.

22.

In most advertisements, the time displayed on a watch

is 10:10.

23.

Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture

dealer.

24.

Los Angeles' full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra

Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula."

25.

A dragonfly has a life span of 24 hours.

26.

A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.

27.

A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.

28.

It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.

29.

The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.

30.

In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to

speak.

31.

The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by

a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.

32.

Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.

33.

The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.

34.

There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.

35.

"Stewardesses" is the longest word that is

typed with only the left hand.

Well, all that was interesting, wasn't it? But

so what? How can that help you make any money?

Let's take Interesting Fact #31, the one about

the guy inventing the microwave oven after his candy bar

melted when he walked by a radar tube. Obviously, that caused

him to have an "aha" experience which led to the

invention and sales of tens of millions of microwave ovens.

Today, I read something in the news and it gave me an

"aha" experience: A recent survey shows the number

one reason people purchase a camcorder is the birth of a new

child. It seems to me that nugget of information would open

all sorts of possibilities for people who sell camcorders.

First, they could get a mailing list of mothers-to-be or

brand-new mothers who recently gave birth to their babies.

They could solicit these specific mothers by direct mail with

an enticing reason to buy a camcorder from them.

Another possibility, is running headlines of

this nature: "K-Mart

Offers 50% Discount On Sony Camcorders To All Women Who Are

More Than Seven Months Pregnant."

Or, perhaps, a certain camcorder could be

"positioned" as a "baby cam" specifically

designed to record the adventures and events which occur as

your new child's life unfolds.

One thing I failed to emphasize when I wrote

so many copywriting "lessons" recently is... how

important it is to make your sales message interesting and

thought-provoking.

Let's take another look at those 35

Interesting Facts and see if there is any way we can use them

to start a sales letter or an ad that would capture a reader's

interest... and... allow us to smoothly segue into our main

selling message.

By the way, if you are not familiar with the

word "segue" here is the dictionary definition, "to move smoothly and unhesitatingly from one state, condition,

situation or element to another." For our purposes, a

segue is simply a slick way of capturing someone's attention

which makes it possible for us to make a logical and seamless

transition to the really important message (why they should

buy something from us).

Shall we begin with Interesting Fact #3?

That's the one that says, "There are 293 ways to make

change for a dollar." We could put up a big sign in a

retail store and have a contest to see who would be the first

of our prospects or customers to come up with all 293 ways

listed on a piece of paper. The winner would get something

valuable, like a big screen, high-definition television set.

Then, the "losers" would all get a letter telling

them they didn't win the contest (but telling them who did)

and also informing them they have won a valuable second place

prize. Perhaps that valuable second place prize could be a

drastic reduction in the price of the television they were

competing for, justified by all the time and effort they put

into the contest. Perhaps the prize could be a waiver of any

down payment necessary for them to purchase the T.V. Whatever.

Now let's talk about Interesting Fact #34,

which is, "There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf

ball." Suppose we started a sales letter like this:

Dear Friend,

Did you know there are 336

dimples on a regulation golf ball? And guess what? It

is the material directly

beneath each of those dimples that determines how far

that golf ball will go when you hit it with a golf

club. Even though all regulation golf balls have 336

dimples, the material immediately beneath of those

dimples varies greatly from brand to brand.

Now, there is a brand new golf

ball that has a tiny circle of material called "Zoomonian"

beneath each dimple. Zoomonian has qualities found in

no other material. The main quality that makes it so

unique is... it retracts under pressure (like when

it's hit by a golf club)... but then... it "unretracts"

(snaps back to its regular size) faster than anything

else known to man.

What does this mean to you as

a golfer? Simply put, as soon as you hit one of these

new golf balls... before it has even gone three inches... the Zoomonian will have

already expanded back to its natural size. That

instantaneous action will send that golf ball

rocketing down the fairway as though it were propelled

by 336 tiny jet engines. Of course this means you will

have a significantly lower golf score the first time you use this

"miracle" golf ball.

Etc., etc., etc.

Our next example, using Interesting Fact #21

("Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur")

could begin  with a message like this:

Dear Friend,

Did you know tigers have

striped skin and not just striped fur?

Isn't it unfortunate the same

is not true of human beings?

What I mean is, wouldn't it be

great if all crooks, thieves and scam artists had some

type of tattoo on their foreheads which identified

their true nature?

Unfortunately, the reality is,

many of the most immoral and unethical people on this

planet have gleaming-white, engaging smiles and

honest-looking, open and charming faces. They are also

dressed in expensive shirts, suits and shoes which

disguise their street-thug nature. All of this outside

appearance is to gain your confidence and to

camouflage their true objective... which is... to

pounce on you and bilk you out of your life savings.

There is a man just like that

lurking in your life and, if I weren't writing this

letter to you to tell you the truth about him, you

would probably be bankrupt by this time next year.

Yadda, yadda, yadda.

Continuing on with Interesting Fact #20  which states, "An ostrich's eye is bigger than its

brain," we might start our sales pitch with wording

similar to that on the following page:

Dear Friend,

Did you know ostriches have

eyes bigger than their brains?

Guess what else? So do 99% of

people who invest in the stock market.

These people watch CNBC, read

the "Wall Street Journal" and participate in

computer chat rooms... and... every time their eyes

process some type of

"too-good-to-be-true" information

into their brains... they make incredibly bad

decisions and lose a healthy chunk of their

hard-earned money.

And they never learn.

Did you also know a goldfish

only has an attention span of three seconds? [Sidepoint:

This is Interesting Fact #26.] This also seems to be

true of many stock market investors. What I mean is,

they seem to have an inability to remember how often

they have already been bilked by MLM scams, new IPO

scams, 900# scams, and over-the-counter bulletin board

companies that have no reporting requirements which

can blithely make claims about the new technology they

have developed which will give your Cadillac 100 miles

to the gallon.

A goldfish is a very poor

learner. After all, if he forgets everything he's been

taught in just three seconds, how could he be expected

to master a simple fact that every time he eats one of

those green and purple-striped worms, he will get sick

to his stomach? He'll just eat the worm, get sick,

forget about it in three seconds, eat another of the

worms, get sick again, forget about it again, and

continue the process adinfinitum. So what? How does

any of this apply to you?

Well, if you're active in the

stock market, you are surely aware that 85% of all

dot.com companies have lost 70 to 95% of their value

in the last nine months. You know what the people who

lost their money in those companies are going to do?

They are going to forget (just like a goldfish) the

consequences of an under-analyzed opportunity...

and... they are again going to jump on another looney-tunes

bandwagon... and... again lose a healthy chunk of

their hard-earned money.

Here are seven ways to make

sure that doesn't happen to you:

1.  Blah, blah, blah.

Finally, how about Interesting Fact #27? You

know, the one about a dime having 118 ridges on its outside.

We could open with something like the example on page 7:

Dear Friend,

As you can see, I have

scotch-taped a dime to the top of this letter.

I want you to remove that dime

from this letter and run your fingers around the edge

of it. Can you feel all those tiny, little

indentations? Not many people know it but, every dime

manufactured by the U.S. Mint has exactly 118 of these

ridges.

Well, I bet right now you're

thinking, "So

what? That's kind of interesting but, what's it got to

do with me?"

My friend, the fact that every

dime manufactured in America has exactly 118 ridges...

and... so few people know about it, has led to a

fascinating situation from which you can profit to the

tune of more than $15,000 per month!

Here's why: Yackety, yackety,

yackety.

Okay, let's stop and take a breather. That

last example may seem a bit far fetched but, it is by taking

the handcuffs off your creativity that allows you to come up

with far fetched, insane, "crazy" ideas. And, many

of these ideas will spark other ideas that are actually

practical and doable in the real world. Can you write a

stimulating sales message built around the fact that

two-thirds of all the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey?

[Interesting Fact #7.]

Or a captivating ad about a dragonfly who only

has a life span of 24 hours? [Interesting Fact #25.] Or that a

cat has 32 muscles in each ear? [Interesting Fact #19.] Or

that Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a

dance? [Interesting Fact #15.] Or that a giant squid has the

largest eyes in the world? [Interesting

Fact #29.]

Remember how I told you earlier in this

newsletter a survey revealed the birth of a child is the

number one reason for camcorder purchases? That's an

interesting fact, isn't it? And the way to incorporate that

particular "interesting fact" in a sales message is

a little more obvious than using the other "interesting

fact" instances I've given you in this newsletter. Just

beware... even if you are a skillful writer and are using the

more obvious "interesting facts" that does not

mean... your sales message will be more effective than...

using those less-than-obvious "interesting facts" to

seduce people to read your sales message.

Here's three more interesting facts I just

learned this morning:

(1)

Did you know online sales increased by 54% this holiday

season... despite the failure of 85% of dot.com companies?

It's true. Last year during the holiday season, U.S. consumers

spent 7 billion dollars purchasing goods and gifts online.

This year, holiday online purchases were 10.8 billion dollars.

By the way, the average purchase of those online

consumers was $304 worth of merchandise.

And, all of the online retailers who enjoyed profitable

holiday sales had the same thing in common. I could tell you

what it was but, I'm not going to. If this information would

be of interest to you, it would be a useful and instructional

exercise for you to do the research and find out the answer

for yourself.

(2)

Did you know cops have a database for laundry tags?

That's because sometimes, when they discover a dead person

with no identification, the laundry mark will help them

identify the body.

(3)

Did you know a product called "Dermaplec" is

an over-the-counter cosmetic that is the best product

available for hiding bruises? Therefore, every patrolman

called out to investigate a case of domestic abuse quickly

learns to check the couple's medicine cabinet for Dermaplec.

If this product is in the medicine cabinet, it's almost as

good as a confession by the husband that he beats his wife on

a regular basis.

That's it for this month. You know, I believe

the most important job a teacher has is to electrify

the minds of his students. Sure, you've got to give them

facts, methodologies and techniques... but... if you can raise

the level of their own curiosity and show them

"tricks" to jump start their thinking processes, I

believe you are doing something extremely priceless. That is

what I have tried to do here... to stimulate your minds to

elevate your own creativeness.

Unfortunately, many of my readers are so

dim-witted and mentally-retarded, I don't really have a chance

of getting through to them.

So why do I bother? I'm not sure. Maybe it's

because I'm pretty much a dumb ass myself.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.   My

friend Dan Kennedy has a killer seminar coming up in the near

future. If you are lucky enough to get an invitation to

attend, I have one single piece of advice for you:

Do It!

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.