SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zdll_world_is_urinal.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:50
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter|Seventeen List

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend &

Subscriber,

I've been working long, hard hours these last

few months.

And don't be jumping to conclusions thinking,

"Aha! I knew his stock system was a lot of work."

Because, my friend, you'd be dead wrong.

I've been working long, hard hours teaching my

students my stock system. You know, there are only so many

hours in the day and to teach each and every one eventually

takes its toll on you. Even if you enjoy doing what you're

doing.

So this month, I've decided to lighten my own

load of writing my newsletter. I've decided, being the male

chauvinist pig that I am, I want to share with you some keen

insight into...

100 Reasons Why

It's Great To Be A Guy!

1.

Phone conversations are over in 30 seconds flat.

2.

Movie nudity is virtually always female.

3.

You know stuff about tanks.

4.        A

five-day vacation requires only one suitcase.

5.

Monday Night Football.

6.

You don't have to monitor your friends' sex lives.

7.

Your bathroom lines are 80% shorter.

8.

You can open all your own jars.

9.

Old friends don't give you crap if you've lost or gained

weight.

10.      Dry

cleaners and haircutters don't rob you blind.

11.

When clicking through the channels, you don't have to stall on

every shot of someone crying.

12.

Your ass is never a factor in a job interview.

13.      All

your orgasms are real.

14.      A

beer gut does not make you invisible to the opposite sex.

15.

Guys in hockey masks don't attack you.

16.      You

don't have to lug a bag of useful stuff around everywhere you

go.

17.      You

understand why stripes are funny.

18.      You

can go to the bathroom without a support group.

19.

Your last name stays put.

20.      You

can leave a hotel bed unmade.

21.

When your work is criticized, you don't have to panic that

everyone secretly hates you.

22.      You

can kill your own food.

23.      The

garage is all yours.

24.      You

get extra credit for the slightest act of thoughtfulness.

25.      You

see the humor in "Terms of Endearment."

26.

Nobody secretly wonders if you swallow.

27.      You

never have to clean the toilet.

28.      You

can be showered and ready in 10 minutes.

29.      Sex

means never having to worry about your reputation.

30.

Wedding plans take care of themselves.

31.      If

someone forgets to invite you to something, he or she can

still be your friend.

32.

Your underwear is $10 for a three pack.

33.      The

National College Cheerleading Championship.

34.

None of your co-workers have the power to make you cry.

35.      You

don't have to shave below your neck.

36.      You

don't have to curl up next to a hairy ass every night.

37.      If

you're 34 and single, nobody notices.

38.      You

can write your name in the snow.

39.      You

can get into a non-trivial pissing contest.

40.

Everything on your face stays its original color.

41.

Chocolate is just another snack.

42.      You

can be president.

43.      You

can quietly enjoy a car ride from the passenger seat.

44.

Flowers fix everything.

45.      You

never have to worry about other people's feelings.

46.      You

get to think about sex 90% of your waking hours.

47.      You

can wear a white shirt to a water park.

48.

Three pair of shoes are more than enough.

49.      You

can eat a banana in a hardware store.

50.      You

can say anything and not worry about what people think.

51.

Foreplay is optional.

52.

Michael Bolton doesn't live in your universe.

53.

Nobody stops telling a good dirty joke when you walk into the

room.

54.      You

can whip your shirt off on a hot day.

55.      You

don't have to clean your apartment if the meter reader is

coming by.

56.      You

never feel compelled to stop a pal from getting laid.

57.      Car

mechanics tell you the truth.

58.      You

don't give a rat's ass if someone notices your new haircut.

59.      You

can watch a game in silence with your buddy for hours without

even thinking 'he must be mad at me.'

60.      The

world is your urinal.

61.      You

never misconstrue innocuous statements to mean your lover is

about to leave you.

62.      You

get to jump up and slap stuff.

63.      Hot

wax never comes near your pubic area.

64.      One

mood, all the time.

65.      You

can admire Clint Eastwood without starving yourself to look

like him.

66.      You

never have to drive to another gas station because the one you

just pulled into is just too skeevy.

67.      You

know at least 20 ways to open a beer bottle.

68.      You

can sit with your knees apart no matter what you're wearing.

69.

Same work... more pay.

70.

Gray hair and wrinkles add character.

71.      You

don't have to leave the room to make an emergency crotch

adjustment.

72.

Wedding dress $2,000; Tux rental $100.

73.      You

don't care if someone is talking about you behind your back.

74.

With 400 million sperm per shot, you could double the earth's

population in 15 tries... at least in theory.

75.      You

don't mooch off other's desserts.

76.      If

you retain water, it's in a canteen.

77.      The

remote is yours and yours alone.

78.

People never glance at your chest when you're talking to them.

79.

ESPN's sport center.

80.      You

can drop by to see a friend without bringing a little gift.

81.

Bachelor parties whomp ass over bridal showers.

82.      You

have a normal and healthy relationship with your mother.

83.      You

can buy condoms without the shopkeeper imagining you naked.

84.      You

needn't pretend you're "freshening up" to go to the bathroom.

85.      If

you don't call your buddy when you say you will, he won't tell

your friends you've changed.

86.

Someday you'll be a dirty ol' man.

87.      You

can rationalize any behavior with the handy phrase, "F*@# It!"

88.      If

another guy shows up at the party in the same outfit, you

might become lifelong buddies.

89.

Princess Di's death was almost just another obituary.

90.      The

occasional well-rendered belch is practically expected.

91.      You

never have to miss a sexual opportunity because you're not in

the mood.

92.      You

think the idea of punting a small dog or cat is funny.

93.      If

something mechanical doesn't work, you can bash it with a

hammer and throw it across the

room.

94.      New

shoes don't cut, blister, or mangle your feet.

95.

Porn movies are designed with your mind in mind.

96.      You

don't have to remember everyone's birthdays and anniversaries.

97.      Not

liking a person does not preclude having great sex with them.

98.

Your pals can be trusted never to trap you with, "So... notice

anything different?"

99.

Baywatch.

100.

There is always a game on somewhere.

Go ahead and say it, "Gary, You Pig!"

Whether male or female, I know there was at least one

statement mentioned that made you howl.

Now, I must say, I feel better having said all

that. And having said all that, let's move onward to what this

newsletter is really all about.

Do you ever wonder how much time you have

before you absolutely have to get your fulfillment

package shipped to a customer? Do you know the two

types of ads governmental agencies are always on the lookout

for? If you want to use a testimonial which you "bartered"

for, do you have to mention that in your advertising? I think

these are valid questions which my readers should be well

aware of. Thus, I now want to share with you some keen insight

into...

The 17 Things You Absolutely

Must Know If You Are

Involved In Direct Marketing!

1.     Your product must be

shipped within 30 days of receipt of the order... unless your

offering states a different period... or unless you send a

delay notice. But that "delay notice" can't just be any ol'

nice personalized letter from you. Oh no! It must be in the

form required by the FTC (Federal Trade Commission; better get

to know those initials well if you're dabbling in direct

marketing) informing the customer of the delay... and...

offering the option of a refund... and... you must enclose a

postage prepaid envelope to facilitate a request for their

refund. A violation of this one rule alone can subject you to

penalties of up to $10,000 per violation.

2.     There is a difference

between guaranteeing all participants will be successful...

and... guaranteeing a refund if they are not. A guarantee all

persons will be successful may be fraudulent because,

obviously, all people will not be successful. Hell,

they may not even lift their finger and do anything! But the

governmental agencies gave us a way out of this one: A

guarantee of money back is not fraudulent... provided it is

honored.

3.     If a guarantee is

subject to specific conditions, those conditions must be

clearly divulged in the offering.

4.     Yet, simply offering a

guarantee does not save a fraudulent ad. If your ad or letter

contains fraudulent misrepresentations, the fact you bothered

offering a money-back guarantee is no defense.

6.     It seems hard for me

to believe, but some folks actually send their proposed

advertising to the postal service and other regulatory

agencies to review to see if it passes muster. If you fall

into this category beware, their silence cannot be construed

as approval. All you will have accomplished is to be

absolutely sure the offending piece comes to their attention.

6.     There are some

products which, if you sell them, make it a virtual certainty

you will be scrutinized ("Big Brother" is watching).

While it may be possible to sell these products honestly, it

is almost certain you will be challenged. So, unless you're

extra careful, try to stay away from cures for baldness,

breast enlargers, weight-loss programs involving magic pills,

work-at-home envelope stuffing programs, cures for illnesses

such as arthritis, chain letters, and chain referral or

pyramid schemes. As I said, they aren't necessarily illegal,

but tread lightly.

7.     If you use

testimonials in your advertising, you must have copies of the

testimonials in your files. Also, if you provided

consideration for that testimonial, you must disclose that in

your marketing piece.

8.     You cannot whisper the

truth and shout a lie. If you try to mention inconspicuously

or in a very carefully-worded but otherwise misleading fashion

(whispering) the actual truth that the customer must actually

do something to be successful in your program... but... you

later state with greater emphasis (shouting) in the same

advertising that no work or effort is required... the ad will

be interpreted to have made the claim no work or effort is

required. This is because the advertising piece must be read

as a whole. The authorities will consider the main

message of the advertising piece to be false.

9.     Not that I think my

subscribers would ever do this, but still, I must warn you...

the postal service is engaged in cracking down on opportunity

advertising... especially... envelope stuffing programs.

10.   In the postal

administrative courts, there are cases which indicate having

an "Opinion Letter" from an attorney is not a defense. But

that isn't true in all cases. In a criminal case or any other

case where a monetary penalty might be imposed, the fact you

sought legal advice may have a bearing on the issue of lack of

criminal intent or good faith. It could also affect the

decision of government attorneys as to whether or not they

should file criminal charges.

11.   Under the Lanham Act, a

consumer who was injured because of mail fraud can bring a

class action on behalf of other injured consumers to get

refunds for everyone.

12.   Judges of the Federal

Courts come from a socio-economic class where they don't think

highly of diet ads, opportunity ads, and other "flamboyant"

ads which are written in a National Enquirer style.

Even though the law states the burden of proof is on the

prosecution... in reality... it falls on the defense.

13.   You can be found guilty

of mail fraud not only for what you say in your ad or

letter, but also for what you imply. Implied claims are

those things you don't come right out and say, but what an

ordinary reader would read into the ad.

14.   Big Brother says the

point of civil mail fraud cases is not to put the

operator out of business (and we all believe Big Brother,

don't we?). The point, they say, is to obtain a cease and

desist order or a civil consent decree which stops you from

making similar fraudulent statements in the future. Your goal

ought to be to negotiate the terms of a consent decree. The

outcome should be restrictive enough to satisfy the

government... but... not so restrictive as to prohibit you

from running advertising which still pull orders. Hear me well

on this point: The attorney's role is critical. Your

"family" attorney, real estate attorney, divorce attorney,

personal injury attorney cannot handle this case for

you. You've got to hire an attorney who has marketing savvy...

he must understand what it takes to write an ad that will pull

orders. He'll be the one who can guide you as to what you can

give up to appease the government... while still... keeping

you in business.

15.   Even though cases for

mail fraud may be filed civilly, they are more likely to be

filed as criminal cases. The reasons are: (a) Failure to

deliver the product; (b) Failure to make promised refunds; or

(c) Lottery or chain referral scheme.

16.   Another reason you must

hire a marketing-savvy attorney is due to the fact postal and

FTC cases are not handled like ordinary lawsuits. Most

attorneys make the mistake of Answering the Complaint, gearing

up for discovery, and "act tough." In some cases, the tough

guy approach may be proper but... in almost all cases... the

best approach is to at least try to get together with

the opposition as early as possible with the hope of working

out a win/win solution. The outcome will allow you to continue

to operate your business with minimal government interference

while still protecting the public. I cannot emphasize it

enough: The attorney's role is critical because he must

understand not only your needs but also the goal of the

government. Remember, judges generally react badly to mail

order advertising... and... the mail fraud laws are so broad,

it usually is easy for the government to get a victory. The

main objective of you and your attorney is to avoid large

penalties and a court order which could prohibit you from

operating profitably in the future.

17.   Whether the case is

filed civilly or criminally for mail fraud, statutes now

permit the government to seize real and personal property,

including bank accounts which are used in a mail order

business or which are traceable to the proceeds of a mail

order business. Such seizures can be made without notice and

may result in total forfeiture of such assets to the Federal

government.

Now just because I shared these "warnings"

with you doesn't mean you have to be paranoid when you start

writing your letter or ad. The key to writing good copy

is to sit down and write. Write like a madman. Spill your

guts. Let it flow freely. Don't think about Big Brother or any

other negative factor. It's just you and your customer. Don't

think about spelling, hyphenation, grammar. These are things

you can take care of later.

Then, after you've gotten it down on paper...

then... you go back and if need be, clean it up a bit. Are

some of your phrases and words too harsh? Too soft? Too bland?

Are you too ambiguous as to what you are trying to achieve?

And if you're one of those people who have used a computer for

this project, did you not only do a "spellcheck," did you

actually sit down and read it yourself? You know, the old

fashioned way? You'd be surprised at the typos that a

spellcheck will let by. I once read the words "doe snot" where

it was clearly supposed to be "does not." And while I'm on the

subject of proofreading, the absolute best way to proofread is

to read it aloud. Turn off the radio, the television,

the wife, the kids. Go find yourself a quiet place (your

bathroom will suffice if all else fails) and read it aloud.

Then, after you've cleaned it up... then...

you go through your checklist. Do I have an outstanding

headline that'll grab their attention? Is my introductory

paragraph going to whet their appetites to continue reading?

Does the body tell them everything they need to know about the

product? Did I include testimonials? Did I take all the risk

factor by giving them a money-back guarantee? Are the ordering

instructions perfectly clear and easy to follow? Did I put in

some type of "code" so I can keep track of which list or

publication pulled best? Did I mention how long my customer

should wait before he receives the product? Did I write Gary

Halbert and tell him how much I value all the information he

shares with me?

Then, after you've added those items you might

have previously omitted... then... go back and proofread it

again.

Then, after you've made the final

corrections... then... give it to someone else to read. If

they say, "Wow, I gotta have this!" you know you have

yourself a winner. And then, my friend, you drop your sales

letter in the mail like hotcakes or get your ad to its

publication via Federal Express.

Go for it. Do something. Get your lazy ass in

gear.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.    Help me out

here guys... tell me what you'd like me to write about in

upcoming issues. Or send me "100 Reasons Why It's Great To Be

A Gal!" (Like, are there 100 reasons?)

P.S.#2  I

cannot take credit for writing "100 Reasons Why It's Great To

Be A Guy!" since those trinkets were passed along to me. Do

you know what that now means? I also can't take credit for

being the male chauvinist pig you thought I was!

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2002 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.