SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zdls_halbert_index.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:51
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

Don't let

the kids see this

"if James used the effort

toward his studies that he uses

to be humorous, he'd be an A

student."

--from Jay Leno's

fifth-grade report card,

quoted in Time magazine.

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear

Friend & Subscriber,

Today, we're going to discuss the "Halbert Index."

The Halbert Index is a totally unique way of classifying

people. To be at the top of the Index you must have the following:

(1)

You must have a life, and

(2)

You must have a sense of humor, and

(3)

You must have intelligence and be an independent thinker, and

(4)

You must be a generous and giving person but... at the same

time...

(5)

You must refuse to take shit from anyone who doesn't have a gun

to your head, and

(6)

You must be willing to take chances and cheerfully accept

losses, and

(7)

You must have the capacity and courage for true intimacy

with your loved ones, friends... and sometimes... even your associates

and strangers, and

(8)

You must be wealthy always in your mind... and

therefore... very often... in your pocket, and

(9)

You must be honest and have integrity not defined by laws but

rather, by the inner-core of your being, and finally

(10)

You must have a relationship with a higher power (nicknamed

"God") that does not necessarily include and/or often

transcends any association with an organized religion.

What have I described here? Simply this:

A Player!

Listen, I have found my newsletters, my

speeches and my personality seem to be like a giant meat cleaver

cutting through the sea of humanity... separating those who have any

type of contact with me into two very distinct groups. One group is

made up of zestful, hard-working, risk-taking, fun-loving Players. The

other group consists of losers unable to laugh at themselves and who

are scared witless at the idea of taking risks.

Losers (those poor souls at the bottom

rungs of the Halbert Index) have a number of common characteristics:

(1)

They are generally spectators instead of players, and

(2)

They are usually critics who revel in grading people

with whom they can't compete, and

(3)

Sometimes, they have financial wealth (most often they don't)

but they are always poor in their minds, and

(4)

They get their pseudo self-esteem from the grades given to them

by others and have no innate "sense of being" nor a core of

natural integrity, and

(5)

They think they have a sense of humor but they don't, since

they can only laugh at jokes made at the expense of others and they always

fail to see the ludicrousness of much of their own endeavors, and

(6)

They often have intelligence in a technical way but almost no

ability whatsoever for true independent and innovative thought, and

(7)

They lack courage and will study and "rehearse"

endlessly but, will avoid at all costs ever letting the curtain come

up... unless... someone else has agreed to star in the play, and

(8)

They don't understand true morality. Therefore, they are much

more concerned with what's legal rather than with what's right, and

(9)

They will be as obnoxious and abusive as possible to those

under them but, will kiss ass like crazy to curry favor with their

superiors, and finally

(10)

Many of them will have college degrees but will never recognize

these degrees as the silly jokes they are... and... they are unable to

grasp the vital fact all true education is self education.

Basically, what we have here is a group of losers who are

permeated with a small-minded, mean-spiritedness that vacuums out the vitality

and zest of those around them. You may be interested in knowing there is a

scientific way of describing these people...

They Suck!

Well, so what? What does all this have to do with you, with

marketing, and with making money?

A lot. You see, as a general rule, it is always easier

to do business with and market stuff to people very high on the Halbert Index

(Players) and this is especially true in an economic slump. Why? Simply

because, no matter how bad the economy gets... these people will never succumb

to a "depression mindset." A depression mindset is a sales killer.

People who have it (more than 90% of our population) are running scared and

have totally lost the belief (if they ever had it) they have the

ability to fashion their own futures. They believe their fate is up to the

economy... or... whatever politician gets elected... or... whether or not they

can get a "good enough grade" from some employer or educational

institution. Almost everyone high on the Halbert Index is a reader and

virtually none of them are heavy TV viewers. You see, almost all real

wisdom comes from printed material and the streets; practically never does

even a smidgen of it come from TV broadcasts.

Want to know where else it doesn't come from? Schools!

Basically, our school system teaches people to obey...

not... to think. There are seven principal

lessons taught by the school systems in the United States. They are confusion,

class position, indifference, emotional dependency, intellectual dependency,

provisional self-esteem, and that "no one can hide." This is a

national tragedy. You see, genius is an exceedingly

common human quality, probably natural to most of us... and...

Our School System Works To Inhibit

This Natural Genius Rather Than Release It!

School is jail for children. The school system doesn't

need to be revamped, altered or tinkered with... it needs to be destroyed.

Consider these facts: (A) Our nation ranks at

the bottom of 19 industrial nations in reading, writing and arithmetic.

(B) The world's narcotic economy is based on our consumption of this

commodity. (C) Our teenage suicide rate is the highest in the world. The truth

is, our schools don't really teach anything... except... how to live your life

as a loser.

Doesn't that sound just like the rhetoric you'd expect from a

maverick like me? Well, it's not from me. Everything you've just read about

the school system in America comes from a new book titled, Dumbing Us Down written by John Taylor Gatto. Mr. Gatto is not only

one of the most respected teachers in the world but, he has won numerous

awards including the 1991 award of the New York State...

Teacher Of The Year!

If you've got kids, you'd better read this book. It'll open

your eyes, make you want to puke and, for sure, if you're anywhere near the

top of the Halbert Index, it'll cause you to immedi-ately consider pulling

your kids out of school. Here is what kind of children, according to John

Taylor Gatto, our school system is producing: (1) Children who are indifferent

to the adult world. (2) Children who have almost no curiosity. (3) Children

who are cruel to each other and lack compassion for the misfortunes of others.

(4) Children who have a poor sense of the future. (5) Children who have no

sense of, or interest in, the lessons of the past. (Basically, the exact

moment these kids are in is the boundary of their conscienceness.) (6)

Children who cannot deal with intimacy or candor.

Mr. Gatto has much more to say that I can summarize here but,

there is one sentence in this book that virtually leapt off the page at me. He

said,

"The

Richer The Kid, The Less

Television He Or She Watches!"

Whatever. Whatever. Whatever. Where am I going with all this?

Ok, listen: There are two basic types of businesses that do well in an

economic slump. The first type of company would be a well-run giant

conglomerate with monstrous purchasing power enabling it to buy and sell

staples (and other commodities Americans feel they can't do without) at the

lowest possible prices. The best example of this type of business would be

Wal-Mart which, last year, during the most disastrous holiday retail season in

30-years, posted an enormous gain in gross sales and profits. You know,

when a new Wal-Mart comes to town, the other retailers go into a panic. And

rightly so. Because... no local retailer can hope to even come close to

Wal-Mart's prices. Not only that, Wal-Mart is mostly employee-owned and thus

offers superior, courteous and concerned service. Plus, they are hyped

by none other than Paul Harvey who can arguably be considered the most-trusted

product pitchman in America.

Is it any wonder Wal-Mart is the largest retailer in the

world?

All this has created a curious and profitable niche for one

sharp guy who, when Wal-Mart announces it's coming to town, goes around and

counsels the frightened local retailers. Basically, what he tells them is...

don't even think about competing with Wal-Mart on a head-to-head basis founded

on price. Instead, he tells them, they must start offering unique customized

products along with unique customized services. I go along with this

advice. However, for you, dear reader, I want to illuminate another idea that

can make the above advice perhaps 1,000% even more profitable!

What I want to impress upon you is... if possible... you

should endeavor to confine your selling efforts to...

Players With Money!

Why? First of all, it is easier to sell something to someone

with money. It's an obvious fact that person has the money to buy what you're

selling. If you've got a $500,000 house for sale, it doesn't matter how

appealing the house is if the family you're pitching it to has a pitifully low

total income.

But there's another fact you mustn't overlook. People with

money usually means they also have an important character trait most of

the "sheep" out there don't possess. Namely...

They

Have The Ability

To Make A Decision!

And... without talking it over with their spouse, their

lawyer, their CPA, or their mommy. Usually, people with money got their loot

because their lives are filled with independent thought and movement.

These people with a high Halbert Index also possess another rare commodity.

Namely... the ability to recognize true value. In other words, yes, it's true

these people are easier to sell than Joe Average but... only if you offer true value!

Reflect, for a moment, on what I sell. This would

include a high-priced, rather arrogant newsletter, expensive seminars,

expensive videos, audios, printed information packages, client services, etc.

Who won't buy my material? Basically, stupid, lazy people who relate

its value to how much it weighs and how much "bulk" they receive.

Who does buy my material? The answer is easy...

Players With Money!

Want some proof? Recently I did a per capita analysis of the

readers of my newsletter by State. The ten States with the highest per

capita readership of this newsletter are: (1) Vermont, (2) Texas, (3) Nevada,

(4) Colorado, (5) Alaska, (6) Arizona, (7) Utah, (8) Washington,

(9) California, and (10) Hawaii.

The ten States with the lowest per capita readership of

this newsletter are: (1) West Virginia (by far

the worst of all. Could this have anything to do with the fact I was born

there?),

(2) Kentucky, (3) Nebraska, (4) Mississippi, (5) South Dakota, (6)

Tennessee, (7) South Carolina, (8) Iowa, (9) North Dakota, and (10) Louisiana.

These two groups of States are separated by a dramatic

difference in per capita income. Want to know the difference in the average

four-member family income from the highest State (Vermont) to the lowest (West

Virginia)? It's a staggering $14,800. And get this:

The per capita readership of my newsletter in Vermont as opposed to the

readership in West Virginia is...

900% Higher!

Pay attention here. This does have meaning for you.

Remember what Willy Sutton said when asked why he robbed banks? "Because

that's where the money is!" So, to get to the bottom-line, here's what

I'm suggesting: If you haven't done so already...

Start Thinking About Developing

High-Priced, High-Profit Products

And Services With Enormous Value!

And secondly...

Start Thinking About Selling

Your High-Priced, High-Profit Products

And Services With Enormous Value

To Players With Money!

Pretty simple concepts, aren't they? But, simple or not, this

kind of thinking can separate you from the poverty of the brain-dead masses

and catapult you into the ranks of those lucky folks who enjoy total financial

freedom. However, to help you implement these concepts, I feel I need to give

you some tips on (A) What to sell to these people, and (B) How to locate

them.

First, what are "PWM's" (Players With Money) most

likely to buy? Well, for openers, they are extremely willing to shell out

money for what they did not get in school.

Namely... an education. PWM's learn very early almost nothing taught in school

has any commercial value whatsoever. For one thing, our school system teaches

absolutely nothing about how to be an entrepreneur. And, of course, almost all

PWM's are entrepreneurs. They have to be. After all, being an entrepreneur is

almost the only way to make truly serious money either here or in any other

country in the world. So, what kind of education does an entrepreneur need? He

needs an education on "how to sell"... because... none of his high

school or college classes even touched on

this subject. So, PWM's make up the largest segment of the market for books,

seminars, video tapes, audio tapes, lectures and anything else that can help

them become more skilled in the art of selling. They also make up the largest

share of the market for information on other money-related matters... such as

management, how to invest their profits, international currency fluctuations,

stock and commodity speculations, reducing their tax burden and so on.

What else besides education are PWM's eager to purchase? They

are also eager to purchase... INSPIRATION! I don't mean phony/baloney

types of inspiration like the horseshit sold by televangelists. Nor do I mean

stupid tapes with hidden "subliminal" messages (they've been proven not

to work) that supposedly bombard your mind with positive "you can do

it" rah-rah types of messages. No, the type of inspiration I'm talking

about is the kind you get from listening to the experiences of other PWM's who

have made it big by overcoming the same types of obstacles all of us have to

face with deadening regularity. True inspiration, effective inspiration

is more than just a hyper-excitable speaker who is able to froth a room full

of people into a frenzy with empty "pump up" catchy phrases.

For example, I think guys like Zig Ziglar do some good but

mostly, they leave people all dressed up with no place to go. They get you all

enthused... but... they don't give you any specific blueprint that tells you

how to profitably harness that enthusiasm. If you want to get some real

inspiration, the best source is listening to a talk by a person who started

out with nothing except the handicap of 12 or 16 years of schooling...

and then... hearing him explain step-by-step in minute detail how he overcame

this deadening handicap and went on to become a PWM in the field of his

choice.

By the way, speakers at multi-level rallies give the illusion

of doing this but, after they've got you all enthused, they give you a

specific plan that makes them (not you) money... and... sends you (not

them) off into activities which are often illegal and always stupid. I've said

it before and I'll say it again. MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING SUCKS! Not just some of

it, all of it. By the way, I heard in a speech by Dan Kennedy the

average annual income of an Amway distributor is a whopping $32.00!

Enough of that. Simply said the kind of real

inspiration PWM's are willing to purchase is provided by articulate experts

who have become successes in their chosen endeavors and are willing to share

their knowledge.

OK, what else will these successful, moneyed people purchase? Value.

Just because these people have money doesn't mean they are promiscuous with

it. They will spend it... but... not frivolously. Take

automobiles for instance. You won't find most Players driving Fords, Chevy's,

VW's, etc. On the other hand, I don't think many of them drive cars like

Ferraries, Maseraties and Jaguars either. Those cars represent very poor

value. They depreciate faster than a politician can make excuses, they are

extremely uncomfortable, they have frequent and enormously expensive

breakdowns and there is no place on any American highway where it is legal to

drive them at the speeds they were intended to be driven. In other words,

instead of value, what they actually are is high-priced toys usually bought

by...

The

Children Of

Players With Money!

My guess as to what most of the real Players buy are cars like

Cadillacs (just voted care of the year), Buick Roadmasters, Mercedes and Lexus

sedans. These are all automobiles that are safe, comfortable, luxurious and

have a very high resale value. In other words, they represent an intelligent

choice, not a stupid gesture.

What I'm trying to illustrate here is PWM's will spend... and

spend big... but... they won't spend stupidly. Another thing to

remember is, these people care about substance, not window dressing.

When I sell my information, I don't "dress it up" much. My videos,

for example, are raw. I don't concern myself with "production

values," adding chintzy canned music to the sound track or clever

graphics and cute special effects. What I do concern myself with is

providing substance and, I hardly ever get a complaint about my materials.

What else will intelligent, hard-working people with money

buy? Another big category is... services that

save time! All truly wise people realize time is the most precious

commodity they possess. And, it is this commodity they are least likely to

squander. Do you realize many people who pay to have me write copy for them

can do it almost as well as I can? So why hire me? Because it frees up their

time to get on with the crucial job of running their business.

As a general rule, nobody with wisdom ever does anything

business-related he can hire someone else who is honest and competent to do

for him. Dumb people (losers) gloat about all the money they save by doing

things themselves instead of paying someone else to do that same job. Smart

people (winners) are always ready to cheerfully cough up fungolas to buy time.

For example, I went to the last Rolling Stones concert in Miami. I sat center

stage in the second row. My tickets (obtained from a ticket broker) cost me

ten times as much as most of the people around me paid because... they were

willing to stand in line up to 14 hours to get the seats they wanted. Poor me.

I guess I blew around $8.00 per hour. What a sucker I am!

Players value time. If you

want to market to them, consider a business providing meals (good meals)

delivered to them. Consider a business that sends masseurs to their corporate

offices to give executives and employees a tension-reducing shoulder rub.

Consider a car wash business that does the job where the Player has his car

parked when he is working. Organize an executive typing service where Players

can dictate their correspondence into a phone and then have the letters

delivered to them for their signature.

The possibilities are endless.

But, where do you find real Players? How do you get to them?

Obviously, Players are different than Non-Players. They drive

different cars, live in different neighborhoods, eat in different restaurants,

attend different functions, etc. One of the biggest differences is...

They Read!

Sure some Non-Players read also but, what they read is very

different. Mostly Non-Players read self-help books written by dummies with

Ph.D.'s (Piled Higher and Deeper) after their names, or publications that

offer up a lot of gossip and "quick fixes" that are laughable to

anyone with half a brain. Want to know what kind of publication is read by a

higher percentage of Players than any other type? It's... newsletters!

No, it's not just this one either. Many real Players read several

newsletters every month. Why? Because newsletters, by their very nature, offer

stripped-down, no-bullshit-info that can be grasped, digested and... implemented

very quickly. Also, make a note of this: Real Players, who are by definition

people with at least a modicum of wisdom, would rather pay $600 per year for

100 pages of real info than $9.95 for a book containing 300 pages of

misinformation and fluff.

So, one way to find Players is on the subscription lists of

newsletters. Also, Players often read financial publications such as

the Wall Street Journal, Barron's,

Investor's Business Daily, the International

Herald Tribune and the Financial

Times. Plus, they read books on selling and how to achieve

excellence. Further, Players read biographies of successful men and women who

have gamely overcome obstacles to succeed big in their chosen occupations.

Anyway, you can reach Players by advertising in such

publications or renting mailing lists of people who buy them. You can also

work with a good mailing list broker and have him ferret out for you lists

primarily made up of high-income people. These might include Cadillac, Rolls

Royce, Buick, Mercedes, Lexus and other expensive car owners. It might include

lists of people who live in expensive homes or own power boats over 36 feet

long or private, multi-engine aircraft. But, you know who the people are who

are most likely to be at the very top of the Halbert Index? It's very

simple...

They Are Business

Owners!

Business owners represent about 6% of our population (there

are about 15 million of them) and it is within this 6% where most of the PWM's

reside. The others are mostly retired business owners. And... blessing

of all blessings... all you need to locate them is... a phone book.

By the way, did you know that businesses that sell to other

businesses are about 500% more likely to succeed than businesses that sell to

consumers?

Look, I realize all of you can't simply drop everything you're

doing and close down your bakery or flower shop and open up a "we

deliver" car wash service. On the other hand, this issue should surely

have given you much food for thought. Food that hopefully will have a positive

influence on your future decisions.

That's it for now. Chow. I know, I know. It's supposed to be

spelled "Ciao." Whatever.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

Many people keep asking when I'm going to have another

seminar. Not for a long time. Probably, at least, not for another

year. However, in May I will be teaching from the 11th to the 14th at

another seminar (it's dirt-cheap compared to what I charge for mine!) being

given by one of the sharpest marketing men I've ever met. If you decide to

attend because you read about it here (see info enclosed) be sure to tell

them so because... that will entitle you to a mystery gift (called "The

Halbert Bonus") which the other attendees will not receive.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.