SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zdzz_the_suck.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:49:57
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter|Write Killer Copy

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend &

Subscriber,

No chit chat. Instead, we're going to dive

right into our next lesson on "How To Write Killer Copy."

Remember last month how I gave you 80

headlines and, told you to write out those headlines (in your

own handwriting) on 3"x5" index cards? And, how I also told

you to use an el cheapo recorder and a small camera to cheaply

capture more current headlines from magazines and other

publications?

I hope you took me to heart and did those

things. You're a dumb bunny if you didn't. Assuming you did

complete this menial chore, I'm here to tell you, you have at

least begun the process of writing copy "The Halbert Way."

Alrighty then, let's assume you have a job of

writing copy to accomplish, either for yourself or a client.

What is the first step you should take?

The answer is easy: The first thing you do is,

take approximately 150 of your "headline cards" and read each

one as you deal them out in front of you, like you would deal

a deck of playing cards.

Can you guess why this is your FIRST step? It

matters not... 'cause... I'm gonna tell ya. The reason you do

this first is...

To Prime Your Mind!

This is a mechanical exercise to get your old

noggin percolating. Pro copywriters don't have time to wait

for inspiration. What pros do is follow mechanical, drone-like

procedures... which literally force... breakthrough

ideas to energize!

Reading, dealing out... and yes... touching

and fondling... those headline cards is a superb way to start

this process.

OK, suppose you've done this first step. Your

mind is awake and stimulated... plus... your brain has just

ingested a healthy portion of "killer copywriting nutrients."

What do you do next? The answer is, you do

what I, Sir Gary of Halbert, privately think of as...

"The Suck!"

"The Suck" is where you take the product or

service you have to write about and examine it from every

conceivable angle. As you do this, you take notes... and...

you number those notes. Take notes on everything

pertinent. Take notes on everything interesting. Take notes on

things that pop into your head (like ideas... random

thoughts... or even questions).

Listen: One of the 10 best business books ever

written is "How To Outfox The Foxes"... which... was written

by a man I greatly admire, Larry Williams. If you are in

business in any way, shape or form and, you haven't read this

book, you are truly missing out on some amazing business

secrets. It is published by CTI publishers and you can get a

copy by calling (619) 756-0421.

Do it. You're a dunce if you don't.

I just finished re-reading that book for maybe

the 7th time... and... this time, I took notes. I'm not

writing an ad for this book (Larry has written an excellent

one himself)... but... I took the notes anyway. I wanted to

come closer to "owning" the incredible secrets it revealed.

And, even though I am not writing an ad about this book, those

notes I took are exactly the same notes I would have taken if

I were, in fact, writing an ad. They were the same notes I

would have written as I would have tried to "suck" every

morsel and nugget of knowledge I could from this invaluable

tool. Some of my "nugget notes" will have meaning only for me.

Others will be immediately understandable and make sense to

you.

In any case, I am herewith going to write all

the notes I "sucked" from "How To Outfox The Foxes" to give

you an idea of what a "Completed Suck" looks like: Off we go!

1.  How bad is it?

2.  Do you feel honor

bound to pay?

3.  Who doesn't get sued?

4.  Story of rich guy with

daughters

5.  Buy a house in Florida

6.  More lawyers than...

7.  IRS cancer story, p. 2

8.  This is a guideline;

an idea sparker to get you thinking

9.  Why success is scary

10.  Be a shitty target

11.  Hah! You are going to

assume the worst case scenario

12.  Be willing to walk

13.  You own only an option

14.  Lawyers should be used

for the intimidation factor

15.  Doberman dogs

16.  Who can you bring to

diffuse?

17.  Have someone who

doesn't owe, offer to pay

18.  Get better collection

results by befriending

19.  Look like a no-profit

street guy

20.  Assume the absolute

worst and think it out

21.  You will be ripped off

and treated unfairly

22.  Threaten to put up

billboards

23.  Embarrass them into

compliance; write an ad

24.  "If payment in full is

not received within 30 days of installation, all product

warranties will be null and void"

25.  You gotta give them

justification

26.  Have lawyer send copy

of his letter to you

27.  Look for a "tell"

28.  Like holding a silver

cross in front of a vampire

29.  What counts is how

well prepared you are emotionally

30.  The tremendous power

that exists in sitting still

31.  Paint a picture of how

exhausting and time-consuming it is going to be

32.  My how they change...

into a fire-breathing dragon

33.  Buzzards: Who do they

go after?

34.  TRAP THEM!

35.  Your job is to

discourage

36.  If something is

written, no other testimony is allowed

37.  The better you

describe, the better your results

38.  Snakes in the backyard

39.  Ask Theresa about

mailing

40.  Loophole lawyer expert

41.  "The only way I can

feel comfortable about it is if..."

42.  Rabbits are ridiculous

43.  Life insurance trick

on page 31

44.  Dance your way out of

this seemingly-never-ending law

45.  Getting outside the

legal system

46.  Getting down in the

gutter with a person who is basically amoral

47.  In most cases, their

ethics are non-existent

48.  Hire criminal lawyers

for civil disputes

49.  Right or wrong, you

are with the mongrel dogs and, whether you win or lose, you

are going to go home with some fleas

50.  One lawyer with a

briefcase can steal more than a thousand thieves with guns

51.  The clock and the

calendar create the demise

52.  Have Charo deal with

Guttenmacher

53.  Ferret out the

loopholes

54.  Ask the legal

secretaries who work in courthouse

55.  Hire best lawyer for

something small so he can't work against   you - WHOA!

56.  See Michael Milen

stuff on p. 55

57.  All it takes to file a

lawsuit is a filing fee

58.  (Sorry for the

redundancy)

59.  Advertising Genius

Reveals How To Trade Stocks On The Internet

60.  You can't remember

61.  You make sure the

fishermen against you get no fish by taking the fish out of

the pond

62.  Everything destroyed

in hurricane

63.  Don't chase money you

were "fairly" cheated out of

64.  It is easier to create

than re-claim

65.  More people end up

hating their law firms than the mate they marry

66.  The start is always

starry-eyed and positive

67.  If you do not

understand the charges, you cannot be tried

68.  A life lived outside

the normal range of caution

69.  I realize there are

some strong differences between us regarding _____ and that

shortly we will be filing lawsuits against each other --

suggest to your client -- cc peeps important

70.  Lawsuits are the pits

- p. 74

71.  Since we don't see

eye-to-eye

72.  No touchable assets

73.  Everyone wants to move

toward pleasure and away from pain

74.  Build a multi-story

house of pain

75.  Imagine how you would

feel

76.  At all. Ever.

77.  Without a victim there

is no crime

78.  It is illegal for

anyone to tell you a bank is going to close

79.  You can beat your

chest and complain, but is does no good. Never.

80.  The more debt you

have, the worse off you are. To be in debt is to be in

trouble. To be debt-free is one of life's greatest joys.

81.  If you want to file,

move as far away as possible from your biggest competitor. (I

have your arena.)

82.  I will have to be

altered for your facts, your deal and your state laws. It is,

however, a beginning.

83.  A shallow pocket's

image

84.  We are both taking

risks here as we did when we left our homes

85.  We could both be wiped

out by unforeseen circumstances

86.  What I want to know is

what kind of man you are. I don't want to be in a

game/business with people that should not be there.

87.  It tells how much of a

man (player) you are

88.  Attorney-caused

logjams

89.  Any communication you

have with a lawyer must be presented to his client

90.  Place a loose "time

threat" -- "for one last time"

91.  They can envision the

deal evaporating

92.  Until this lawyer is

out of the deal, we will take no phone calls, write no letters

or move forward in any way (cc: client)

93.  Shake hands on it

before you give deal for lawyer to formalize

94.  Put down in writing

just the way you want it to be -- then I'll read it and tell

you whether or not I can live with it -- NOTE: Explain you are

exploring other options

95.  One step beyond "notes

on the napkin"

96.  Garbage lawsuits are

rampant -- Gary Waltershied

97.  Arrange to be sued in

a county many miles away and very rural

98.  Truth: The perfect

disguise

99.  Have judgments against

you so a new creditor is too far back in line

100.  How To Protect

Yourself Against All Lawyers... Including Your Own

Attorney!

101.  To buy Nevada Corp.

call 702/883-8484

102.  Bond must read pages

118 and 119

103.  Nevada doesn't even

share info with IRS

104.  As much as 80% of

estate can be stolen by a sharp lawyer and the government

105.  Read about family

partnerships on page 122

106.  Creditor may have to

pay taxes on nothing

107.  Garlic in front of

vampires

108.  Call (or visit) Bob

Berends (714/771-7584)

109.  Legal Solutions in

Chino, California

110.  Read ads in Quest,

P.A.L. Investigations and CDB Infotek for info on asset

searches (ask Charo)

111.  Hide money in state

where you don't live

112.  Take nothing of value

with you to a creditor's meeting

113.  People jump at cash;

it's a "bird-in-the-hand"

114.  How To Give Yourself A

Lawyer Bypass

115.  Hide your tracks

So hey, I bet after reading last month's

headlines... and... this month's "nugget notes"... your beady,

rat-like little mind is starting to wake up, isn't it? If I've

done my job right, your creative juices are beginning to flow

and your mind is beginning to...

Throw Off Sparks!

Aha, I gotcha going, don't I? But... what do

you do with all this creative energy? How do you harness it

and begin to fashion a starting draft of your message?

Back off! Don't be so damn pushy! You'll get

that... in my next issue. But, in the meantime, just

for practice, why don't you get your mitts on a book you

think is valuable... and... do "The Suck" on that book

yourself? Will you? If so...

You'll Be Coming Alive

And Starting To Thrive!

So, I'm hokey. Up yours.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"Unchanged, Untamed, and Unashamed"

P.S. Last month I offered my readers the chance

to buy my new report called, "Gary Halbert's No Bullshit Guide

On How To Prevent Every Type Of Scum Known To Man From Getting

His Or Her Hands On Any Of Your Hard-Earned Fungolas!" at a

price of $100.00 payable only by check. If you are one of the

lucky people who has read that report, you now know certain

secrets which can be used to make your money and other forms

of wealth virtually bullet proof.

If you don't have much money or wealth,

it really doesn't matter whether you know these secrets or

not. However, if you do have a considerable net worth,

you are an absolute imbecile if you don't spend the lousy 100

bucks needed to obtain this amazing information. I doubt you

will ever find wealth-protecting secrets as powerful as

these in any other publication ever written. If you've got

anything whatsoever worth protecting, spend the measley $100

and order this report. That $100, if you get in a crunch, can

literally save you millions!

To get your copy, just make a check for

$100 payable to me, "Gary Halbert" and send it to the address

at the top of this letter.

And get this... I now have another

report which is...

Outside The Scope Of This Newsletter

Which I Am Also Offering For Mere Pennies!

Here's some background...

One of my best friends, Dave Kekich, has

been paralyzed from the chest down for 21-years due to a freak

occurrence which happened to him in a gym in Redondo Beach,

California. Dave wants his life back and he wants to live

forever. Accordingly, he has made himself a multi-millionaire

and devotes all his energy to health and longevity research.

Some of the secrets he has uncovered are

unknown to nearly 100% of American doctors. I have

participated in this research and, I too, have made some

powerful discoveries. Matter of fact, if you attended one of

my seminars 10 or 15 years ago and, if you saw me now... you

would find I look approximately 20 years younger now...

than I did 15 years ago. This is due to a number of factors

and the genuine discovery of a certain drug (you can get it by

prescription and it's 100% safe) which is the closest thing to

the Fountain of Youth that exists in the world today.

Approximately 30-days from the time you

are reading this, I will be old enough to qualify for Social

Security. In spite of that, my current girlfriend is less than

half my age and I had to show her my driver's license to get

her to believe I really am a "living fossil." Another lady who

attended one of my recent seminars, was having sex with me

three to five times a day on the same days I was giving the

seminar. I'm not going to tell you which seminar it was

because I want to protect her identity. I do not tell you this

to brag or convince you I am some sort of stud. I just want

you to know that since the discovery of several powerful

secrets... especially the aforementioned drug (no, it is not

growth hormone) I seem to be aging backwards.

If you're over 35 years old (hell, even

if you're not) you need to know about all this. It has

literally turned my life around. Maybe all this will stop

working some day... but... for now... I sure am a happy

camper! (So is my girlfriend.)

Want to know all about it? All you gotta

do is send me a mere 97 smackers and you'll get this new

report by return mail. By the way, the title of this new

report is...

"How To Slow Down, Stop And Even Reverse

The Aging Process And Regain and Increase

All The Youthful Energy, Vitality And

Sexual Passion You Once Enjoyed!"

Do you have any idea what this is like?

It's like taking a new form of Viagra that affects your

entire body... instead of... a mere six or seven inches of

your anatomy. I kid you not. Order if you're interested.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2002 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.