SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zgll_scared_shitless.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:12
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend &

Subscriber,

Well, here it is Memorial Day and Clinton has

us fighting a war in a country none of us ever heard of and

for reasons none of us can understand.

Damn! I wish there was some way we could get

Monica back on the job!

Whatever. Anyway, let us devote this issue to

you making a lot of money... and... making it fast! You

know usually, when someone asks me what they should do to make

a lot of money, I tell them to do something... they love

doing... and, the money will follow. I still think that's the

best advice... but... right now... I think you should

concentrate very hard on making a lot of money very fast...

and...

You Should Do It

Any Way You Can!

Why? What's the urgency here? It's that Y2K

thing. I'm telling you: Y2K is not going to be just

another "bump-in-the-road." It is going to be majorly

disruptive to the world economy and it's going to scare the

living shit out of millions and millions of people. So, here's

something you need to memorize. Let's call it Halbert Maxim

#873:

It Is Hard To Get

People To Spend Money

When They Are Scared Shitless!

Picture this: A guy works for Xerox. Sales are

down dramatically because Brazilians (Brazil is Xerox's second

biggest market) and other big Xerox customers are spending so

much time, money and energy trying to deal with their Y2K

problems, they aren't buying any copy machines and Xerox's

profits are in the crapper. What does Xerox do? Well, first

off, they cut way back on their work force... and... our guy

loses his job. He now joins the ranks of the "scared

shitless."

He doesn't spend money like he used to. Maybe

he was about to buy a new Ford pickup but, he now decides to

wait. He wants to feel more secure about the future before he

parts with any more of his fungolas than absolutely necessary.

And guess what? Since there are so many people

in the same boat he's in, they also decide not to buy that

Ford pickup or whatever else they were yearning for. So, now

Ford ain't selling many trucks and cars and their sales

and profits go in the toilet. They also decide to cut back on

their work force and thousands and thousands more people lose

their jobs... and... they too join the ranks of the...

"Scared Shitless!"

They stop spending too. This puts more

companies in hot water who also have to cut back on their work

force, who in turn curtail their spending, which in turn

causes more people to lose their jobs. The cycle accelerates

and... the phenomania of being "scared shitless" spreads

like wildfire!

It is going to happen. And, it's gonna

happen real, real soon.

So, I ask myself, "Self, what is the very

best way for my subscribers to make a lot of money really,

really fast... without too much risk... without too much

investment?"

Can you guess the answer? It's the same answer

that was true 50 years ago. Or 30 years ago. Or 10 years ago.

Or 1 month ago. This answer will still be true next month,

next year... and... throughout much of the next century!

What I'm talking about, of course, is...

Direct Mail

Are you serious about making huge wads of

money and making it fast? If so, forget TV infomercials,

forget magazine ads, forget newspapers, forget the Internet...

forget everything... but... direct mail. Listen to me

Fishface: What is the most essential ingredient you must

have to make a ton of moola? The answer is... dum da da dum

dum...

A Reachable Pool Of

People Who Are Starving

To Spend Their Money

On Some Particular Thing!

Here is the very most important thing you can

do (must do) if you want to make a direct mail fortune.

If you won't do what I'm about to suggest, stop reading

this letter right now, go to the 'fridge and get yourself a

cold one and sit your sorry fat ass back down in front of the

tube and click on "Baywatch." Best you enjoy your life now

because, I predict you too, will soon be among the ever

growing number of the... scared shitless!

What's that? You say you don't want to be one

of the scared shitless? You say you don't have a sorry

fat ass and you're sick of "Baywatch"?

Alrightythen! You be my main man and here's

what you do first: You whip out your credit card and dial

(847) 375-5000. This will get you through to the corporate

headquarters of "Standard Rate and Data Service" (SRDS)...

and... when you get them on the phone, tell 'em you want to

subscribe to their SRDS Mailing List Catalog. It's updated

bi-monthly and it's gonna set you back nearly $500.00.

Just do it. Bite the bullet and spend the

money. There's no alternative. Do it, you silly little freak.

With me? Good! Now, what you will soon receive

in the mail (and you'll get a new one every  other month) is a

big, thick book that describes almost every mailing list on

the market. It'll tell you the size of the list, the source of

the list, a description of the list, how much the unit of sale

was people on the list spent, what they spent it on and how

long ago they spent it.

What I want you to do, as soon as you get the

book, is take 10 or 20 hours out of your life and start

reading those thousands of list descriptions.

You Will Be Amazed!

As you read the descriptions, do the math.

Multiply the number of people on the list by the average unit

of sale. Right now, I'm reading the masterfile list

description of a company called "Select Information Exchange."

Here is the description of that list:

"This is a file of

individuals with an avid interest in financial topics and

investment information. They have purchased (more than half

via credit cards) newsletters and/or financial service

products from SIE (Select Information Exchange) -- the

nation's leading financial subscription agency for over thirty

years.

"This proven file

has been used by a multiplicity of different types of mailers

with a 50% 'continuation' record. Included are banks,

insurance firms, gold and silver coin companies, commodity

trading firms, stock & discount brokerage firms, tax shelters,

oil & gas, business, financial and investment advisory

publications, collectibles, fundraisers, catalogers and credit

card issues - and others.

"Space ads appear in

a variety of media (i.e., Money Magazine, Barrons, Wall Street

Journal, New York Times, Investors Business Daily, Financial

World, Personal Investor, Better Investing). Regarding

libraries, this list has the name of the acquisitions manager

(the individual in charge of book purchasing)."

Let's see now. This masterfile has 2,495,000

names on it and the average unit of sale is $375.00. Lemme

drag out my trusty calculator and see what that comes out to.

Let's see... that's 375 x 2,495,000 which comes to uh... wait

a minute... can that be right? Lemme check that again. By

golly it is right! This is a list of folks who are

extremely passionate about investing... and... have

demonstrated that passion by spending... uh...

Over 935 Million Dollars!

And looky here! We can select them out by all

sorts of ways. The men from the women. The Canadians from the

Americans. The stock buyers from the options buyers from the

bond buyers, the oil stock investors, the traders who buy

low-priced stocks and so on. Hey, and guess what else? We can

even select by what ethnic group we want. If we don't won't

them all, we can say we only want the Chinese people on the

list. Or the French. Or the Germans. Or Irish, Italian,

Japanese, Jewish, Korean, Spanish, Greek, Polish, Scottish,

English, Russian, Arabic, American and slant-eyed dwarfs. (Oh

wait! I'm sorry. The slant-eyed dwarfs are on a different

list.)

Amongst the thousands of mailing lists you are

going to be reading about are people who bought cookbooks,

people who bought model cars, sewing supplies, gourmet food,

etc., etc. But, what I want you to be looking for are big

lists of what I call "PWM's" which stands for...

Players With

Money!

Why? Simply because (if you are offering

something they want) they are the easiest and most profitable

people to sell to. Also, they are the least likely to be among

the scared shitless when the crunch comes. Not only do

you want Players With Money, you want PWM's who have what I

call a "high passion index" about something.

Like golfers.

As a general rule, golfers have above average

income and, a certain percentage of them will spend literally

any amount of money to take strokes off their game. Hark unto

me: As you know, my friend Joe Polish has something he calls

the "SuperStar Audio Tape Series" where each month he

interviews some clever person on some aspect of marketing.

Well, one of his most recent interviews was with a guy named

Jeff Paul... and... you've got to have the tape and

transcript of this interview. I think it'll set you back

$14.95 or something like that and you can order it by calling

(602) 858-0008. Once again, don't fight me on this. Just do

it. I'm trying to save your cookies here and you're going to

piss me off if you don't do as I say.

Which reminds me... I always tell women I

think a man should only ask for one thing from a

woman... and... if he gets that, he shouldn't ask for anything

else whatsoever. When they ask me what that one thing is, I am

able to explain it in one word...

Obedience!

It's odd how many women disagree with me on

this. But really, that's truly all I want from a woman, all I

want from the world... and now... it's all I want from you!

Back to the real world. Let me tell you about

Jeff Paul. A little more than a decade ago, he was a Certified

Financial Planner. He was part of a small team that offered

advice and seminars on stuff like estate planning, living

trusts and all sorts of other financial wisdom. The only

problem he and his team had was, they couldn't get clients.

So, Jeff started studying direct marketing. He put what he

learned to work... and... he turned around a practice that was

doing $5,000 to $10,000 a month into a practice that was doing

up to... $150,000 per month. It worked so well, his partners

naturally decided to abandon these crass "National Enquirer"

techniques... and... they elected to go back to using the

dumb-ass, stale, conventional marketing techniques they were

more comfy with.

So, Jeff quit.

He decided to dump his financial planning

career altogether and go full time into direct marketing.

After a year and a half, he had managed to lose everything he

had. He lost his house, he was $100,000 in debt on his credit

cards, had no job, no income and no prospects. Jeff and his

wife Peggy and their three kids ended up in his

sister-in-law's basement living on a couch.

Then he made a little discovery.

As soon as he started to use this discovery,

his business went from a measly $1,000 per month to $13,000.

The second month he went to $26,000. The third month was

$49,000. Now, he has a two million dollar a year

business he runs from a 400 square foot office upstairs over

his garage.

What did he discover? He discovered the only

thing that matters is your market. He discovered it's the

market that is the whole deal. He says, (and he's right)

"You have to have people who are hungry, people who are

irrational, and I mean literally irrational, that are

passionate, that have money, and they're willing to spend the

money. They have to have a dire sense of urgency, even

desperation about something... and... they have to be

reachable!"

Amen!

Then he says, "You have to find out what

they want and give it to them." He says if you do this,

"You don't have to fight. There's no battles. No challenges.

There's no mountains and obstacles to overcome. You've made it

easy, you've stacked all the deck in your favor."

Amen, again!

Jeff has sold to various markets over the

years. But guess who he's selling to now?

Golfers!

Just what is he selling them? A set of golf

clubs that will help them achieve a lower score. Just how much

are his golf clubs?

$6,000 Per Set!

How does he sell them? With a long copy,

direct mail sales letter. That's right... no pictures... no

brochures... no nothing except copy.

As he points out, you couldn't do this with a

rational market. Golfers are irrational. They'll play in the

rain, the snow, they'll buy books, take lessons and, in

general, I bet they would jump through hoops of fire if they

thought it would take strokes off their game.

So, what you do first is, you get that SRDS

mailing list book and read all those mailing list

descriptions... and... you find yourself a moneyed group of

people who are nutso enough about something to spend

irrational amounts of money on whatever it is.

What next? You find or create a very

expensive product for these people. Listen, since I can

already hear you bitchin' about, "But gee, Gary, I don't

know how to do that," I am going to figure it out for you.

What you are going to sell them is information. If they want

to trade commodities, you are going to provide them with very

expensive info on how to profitably trade commodities. If they

are horny, lonely, affluent males, you are going to offer them

expensive info on how to get women. If they are golfers,

you're going to sell them expensive info on how to play better

golf.

Let's do golfers. What's the expensive info

you are going to offer them? Simple. You're going to offer

them a high-priced seminar.

But let's say you know nothing about golf.

What you do is, you find yourself a personal golf pro (or

maybe 5 or 6 golf pros) and you have them give the

seminar. You advertise this seminar in "Investor's Business

Daily"... and... you play up the fact the seminar is so

expensive. Perhaps your headline will read something like

this:

Florida Pro

Gives

Most Expensive Seminar In

The History Of Golf!

Maybe your lead-in headline (the smaller one

above the main headline) could say:

Would You Be

Willing To

Pay $15,000 To Improve

Your Golf Game?

Somewhere in the copy you inform the readers

this is a once-in-a-lifetime seminar, it will never be

repeated and only 15 students will be accepted. You make this

a one column by seven inch ad and it will cost you about 700

smackers. You tell them in the ad to call your recorded

message on an 800 number you have set up with ATG

Technologies. You arrange to do this by calling ATG at (800)

775-7790 and be sure to ask for Stacy Skinner.

Your recorded message is short, only a minute

or two long. It reaffirms how unique this seminar is going to

be and tells them to leave their name and address so you can

send them full details about the seminar.

Then, of course, you send them a long copy,

well-written sales letter that entices at least 15 of them to

come to your seminar. Then, you collect $15,000 from each of

them and put on your seminar.

Is this how you make your money? Not at all.

This is how...

You Create Your Product!

See, you video and audio tape the seminar and

create a written transcript of every word on those tapes. Then

you get yourself a good list of golf lunatics... and... you

offer this instructional package by sending out direct mail

sales letters. You offer your readers a bargain. You offer the

seminar tape package at only half ($7,500) of what the

live attendees had to pay.

Let's do some math. Say it cost you about

$300.00 (that's very high) to put together a

first-class video and audio tape package. Let's say it costs

you $600.00 to mail a thousand sales letters to 1,000 golfers.

OK, since you make a gross of $7,200 on every sale, that

means...

You Only Have

To Get

One Sale For Every 12,000

Letters You Mail!

Neat formula, huh? Actually, it's a great

formula. But now, I'm gonna give you a magic secret that's

going to skyrocket the profits of this formula. Look,

when you hear Jeff Paul talking about the golf clubs he sells,

you'll hear him telling how his golf clubs really are the best

in the world.

And you know what? I bet they are.

And that's important. It's also important your

golf seminar (or whatever other seminar you put on) be

absolutely first-class... because you're going to sell them in

a unique way. Somewhere, near the end of your sales letter,

you're going to have copy that says something like this:

"Listen, I know

it's hard to believe the tapes a golf seminar could be worth

$7,500. So how can I convince you of this? I've thought about

this a lot and this is what I've come up with. I'm only  going

to accept payment for these videos, audios and transcript of

the seminar by check. And, I'm going to insist

you post-date your check a

full 30-days ahead. That way, you'll have over four weeks to

watch the tapes and put those techniques to work every time

you go out to play a round of golf. Then, if everything I say

about these seminar tapes is not true, I will be happy to send

back your uncashed check... or... you can simply stop

payment on it. I've decided to do this because these tapes

really are incredible and, I know you're going to

love hem!"

But wait. Won't this increase your refunds?

Yep, it will. It will probably triple them.

But, this technique will also triple your

sales!

Let's do some more math: Let's say you are

averaging about three sales for every 1,000 letters you mail

and you have a refund rate of 10%. OK, you mail 10,000 letters

which fetch you 30 orders. That's 30 times $7,500 or $225,000.

Your mailing will cost you about $6,000 which knocks your take

down to $219,000. Also, you've got to shell out $300 apiece to

create and mail out 30 tapes which costs you another $9,000

which knocks your take down to $210,000. Now, let's factor in

your 10% refund rate. At 10%, you are going to issue a refund

on 3 of those 30 sales. That's $7,500 times 3 or $22,500 which

knocks your take all the way down to $187,500.

Not bad, hey? But now let's do it with the

post-dated check technique. So now, by tripling sales, you

sell 90 sets of tapes instead of 30. But, as I said, your

refund rate will triple also and thus your refund rate will

jump to 30%. That means you'll have to issue a refund to 27 of

those 90 sales. Which leaves you with a net of 63 sales. 63

times $7,500 is $472,500. Your mailout will still cost you the

same $6,000 and that knocks your take down to $466,500. And,

this time, you had to send out 90 sets of tapes at $300 apiece

which comes to $27,000. Subtract that and all you've got left

is $439,500.

Without using the post-dated technique, your

profits were $187,500.

With the post-dated check technique, your

profits jump up to $439,500.

That's A Profit

Increase Of 234%!

Will this technique work? Do it right and you

bet your ass it will. Can you do something like this?

It depends on your mindset. If you think you can do it, it

will turn out you are right. If you think you can't do it, it

will also turn out you are right.

Well, there you have it. As complete and

detailed of a wealth-building formula as you will ever find in

any newsletter. Will you do anything with this info? I don't

know. It'll take time, energy, a little money... and...

balls!

You got any?

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

"Master of Subtlety"

P.S.

Damn it, I'm not getting enough "bitch"

letters. Isn't there something about this issue that offends

you? If so, please write me a detailed letter and tell me all

about it.

Trust me, I promise to give your

letter the attention it deserves.

P.S.#2

There's a guy in England named Stuart

Goldsmith who writes an incredibly good newsletter. His

political slant is slightly to the right of Attila the Hun

but, some of his issues are priceless. There's one he

wrote recently on goals which can transform your life.

Whatever you do, call him and at least buy that one issue. His

number is 011-44-1-189-461-246. His fax is

011-44-1-189-462-505. His e-mail is [email protected].

His web page is http://www.stuartgoldsmith.com.

Peace. And, don't forget...

Be Nice To The

"Scared Shitless"!

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.