SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zkzz_pound_for_pound.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:50:47
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

South of Jewfish Creek

Help! I'm trapped in a trailer and I can't get

out!

Natural disasters seem to follow me around

like I'm a little pile of iron fillings bedeviled by some

giant cosmic magnet. Remember that monster earthquake that hit

California in 1993? I was there. I left Florida and was in

California to head up a brainstorming session on how to profit

from the Internet. After the session, I returned to where I

was staying, which was an apartment of an ex-girlfriend who

was living in Studio City.

She and I are dead asleep when the building

starts shaking like a six pack of empty beer cans thrown into

a high-speed clothes dryer. I thought for a moment I had

somehow passed out in the Empire State Building and King Kong

(remember him, the giant ape?) was shaking the living shit out

of the building because he wanted to wake me up so he could

scream and bitch about something.

The first words out of my mouth (and I swear

this is true) were, "Hey

baby, was it good for you too?"

Apparently God or whomever was at the control

of the GIANT COSMIC MAGNET that night didn't see the humor in

my remark because... immediately... a huge dresser crashed

down on my head. I managed to get out from under the dresser,

wrapped my arms and body around the lady I was with and kept

saying over and over, "Just

hang in there honey. I've got you. I've got you good.

Everything's gonna be OK."

That part about everything being OK turned out

to be somewhat of an exaggeration. Her apartment was literally

shaken apart. Pictures and photos were flung from the walls;

furniture was overturned; her refrigerator had toppled over

with the door hanging open and milk, orange juice, eggs, and

the like were spilling onto the kitchen floor; her computer,

stereo and TV were trashed; and... oh hell, you get the idea.

Finally the shaking subsides a bit and, in the

darkness guiding ourselves by sliding our hands against the

walls, we stumble from the bedroom to the living room and

kitchen areas. Whoa! Holy shit! The first of many (thousands

of them) aftershocks hit us. Somehow for some reason I end up

in the kitchen area and then, stagger back into the living

room/dining room area. "Gary!

Gary! Gary!" she screams.

"What?

What? What is it?" I reply frantically.

"You

Are Tracking Orange Juice And

Milk All Over My Carpet!"

Is that a woman for you or what? Actually,

I've noticed that all of us, as one of our coping mechanisms,

tend to focus on minutia when something monstrous is

happening. Believe it or not, her remark made me feel deeply

ashamed and I was standing there with a stricken look on my

face when, she looked at me, we both looked at the totally

devastated apartment, realized we had both been literally

shaken insane... and... we collapsed into a fit of compulsive

laughter. (Which, I think, is another coping mechanism.)

I moved back to the Keys almost exactly two

years ago. I didn't even get unpacked before me and Mongo man

(who has become one of the best copywriters in America) had to

catch the last

Greyhound Bus out of the Keys to escape Hurricane Georges. I

remember when we finally found the last two motel rooms in the

town of Okeechobee, how some dumbass woman on the phone was

interrogating the motel manager wanting to know whether or not

the place had a pool!

Picture it: Cars and trucks are bumper to

bumper from Key West to Orlando, rain and wind are hitting

everyone with the viciousness of an artillery attack, you

can't buy, beg or steal a hotel room or any other place to

stay... and... in the middle of all this...

Some Idiot Bitch Wants

To Know If The Place

Has A Pool!

Last year it was Hurricane Irene. She dumped

so much rain on this part of Florida, she flooded me out of my

apartment and I've been almost a total transient ever since. I

rode that one out with my Aunt and Uncle in the upstairs part

of the house. By that time Jack's cancer had gotten hold of

his mental faculties and I remember him asking me, "Gary, I wonder why the electricity just went out?"

"Gee,

Uncle Jack, maybe it has something to do with the hurricane

going on outside."

"Well,

damnit, someone needs to do something about it. Wanda, you

call 'Rumor Control' right now!"

And so it goes. Now it's Debby. Only this

time, I've decided to write my newsletter before she

hits instead of after. I think it's just my way of dealing

with minutia instead of the monster. I know how to

write a newsletter. I don't know how to control acts of

God. My son Bond just called urging me to get out of here. But

you know what? ALL Keys' visitors have been ordered to leave

by Monroe County Emergency Management. So have all

high-profile vehicles. Highway 1 (the only road out) is

clogged with semi's, campers, RV's, buses, cars, etc. Just one

of those suckers has to run out of gas, blow a tire or

whatever and you'll have thousands of vehicles stranded about 1-1/2 inches above sea level

just stopped there like sitting ducks for sweet Debby to

eviscerate at her leisure. Besides the "strike zone"

probability area of this bitch is anywhere from Key West to

Palm Beach which means...

All Those Who Are

Fleeing Debby Might Be

Driving Right Into Her Arms!

Do you give a shit? Of course not. Hey, you

don't live here... so... I don't blame you. To tell the truth,

I myself haven't been fretting too much about all those

tornadoes in Oklahoma and Texas. What you want is to learn to

write copy, right? Well, since that's my job, I've decided to

get to it! Here's a choice piece for your "swipe

file."

KEYS TOURISM ADVISORY #2 8/22/00, 11 a.m.

INFORMATION

FROM THE MONROE COUNTY TOURIST DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL IN

CONJUNCTION WITH MONROE

COUNTY EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT

KEYS

VISITORS ORDERED TO LEAVE

BECAUSE

OF DEBBY

VACATIONERS

TO THE KEYS SHOULD POSTPONE

TRAVEL

PLANS

18-MILE

STRETCH RE-OPENS FOLLOWING

TANKER

ACCIDENT

"A mandatory

evacuation order for all visitors and non-residents to

the Florida Keys has been ordered by Monroe County

Emergency Management, effective noon today (Wednesday

Aug. 23), due to the threat of Tropical Storm Debby, A

state of emergency is now in effect for Monroe County.

"Previously a

hurricane, at 11 a.m. Wednesday, Debby had been

downgraded to a tropical storm by the National

Hurricane Center, but is expected to re-intensify and

regain hurricane status once it moves over open water.

The 11 a.m. position had the center of the storm

situated 19.8 N, 69.7 W or just off the northern coast

of the Dominican Republic and about 720 miles

southeast of the Upper Keys. Sustained winds are at 70

mph and the storm was moving just north of west, at

about 17 mph.

"Although the

projected United States landfall position of the storm

is uncertain, the egress order for visitors is being

issued as a precautionary measure according to Billy

Wagner, Monroe County Emergency Management Director.

"Vacationers

with immediate plans to travel to the Keys should

postpone their trips until the storm is well clear of

the area and the tourism infrastructure has

normalized.

"All state and county

parks and private campground are ordered to close at

noon today. All high-profile recreational vehicles,

travel trailers and tent campers are ordered to leave

the Keys. Marine interests should begin preparations

to secure their vessels and anyone wishing to trailer

their boats out of the Keys should do so at this time.

Jewfish Creek and Snake Creek bridges will be ordered

locked down if a resident evacuation is needed.

"All residents need to

pay close attention to the progress of Debby, begin to

initiate hurricane preparation plans and be ready to

respond to an evacuation order.

"No resident

evacuations have been ordered at this time. Schools

are to close in Monroe County Thursday and Friday.

"Monroe

County Emergency Management has activated its

Emergency Operations Center. The Monroe County

Emergency Information line, 1-800-955-5504, is

activated as well. The phone number for the

multilingual Keys Visitors Assistance Line is

1-800-771-KEYS. Keys tourism advisories are posted on

the Florida Keys Web site at www.fla-keys.com.

"The Orlando/Orange

County Convention & Visitors Bureau has a central

database of available hotel rooms in Central Florida.

Visitors and residents interested in relocating to

Orlando can call (407) 363-5872 for details on

availability and rates."

18-MILE STRETCH RE-OPENED

AFTER ACCIDENT

"Closed for 20 hours

following an accident involving a tanker

tractor-trailer, the 18-mile stretch, that connects

the Keys with Florida City, re-opened Wednesday at 4

a.m. Wednesday morning, according to the Monroe County

Sheriffs Office. Card Sound Road is also open to

traffic and the toll there has been temporarily

suspended.

###

Hey, that was a sorta compelling piece of

copy, wasn't it? The "sales job" kinda gets lost on

me though when they get to the part about how... yesterday...

that overturned tanker tractor-trailer closed what's known as

"The 18 Mile Stretch" for 20 hours. Be kind of a

bitch if that happens again today or tomorrow, won't it?

Hey, by the time you read this, it'll be all

over... and maybe... absolutely nothing bad will have

happened. Either way, what can it hurt by teaching you more

about how to write copy? OK, what I am about to teach you is a

way (maybe not the best or most inspired way, but... a way...)

that at the very least gets the job done.

1.

Use your

collection of 3x5 headline cards to write a headline.

2.

Use your

nugget notes about the features and benefits of your

product... plus... inspiration from your "swipe

file" to write as many "bullets" as

possible.

3.

Use the

opening paragraph you are about to read in my latest

ad as an exact template for your ad.

4.

Use the close

(that's where I ask for the money) as an exact

template for your ad.

Now listen up! In newspapers there are all

sorts of shapes and sizes for ads... but... there are only a

few "SAU's" which means "Standard Advertising

Units" for which you can get extremely low price

advertising space. They are either a full page ad, a vertical

1/2 page ad, a horizontal 1/2 page ad or, a more or less

square-shaped 1/4 page ad. Observe:

one

full page

ad

two

vertical

1/2 page

ads

two

horizontal

1/2 page

ads

four

1/4 page

ads

Of all these, everything else being equal, pound-for-pound,

dollar-for-dollar, the most cost effective block of space you can buy is a 1/2

page vertical. It insures your headline appears above the fold and will nearly

always pull something like what 70% of a full page ad will pull. Of course, if

you have a full-page's worth of really good copy... use the full page! One-quarter page ads do work but, they will not

pull 25% of what a good, full page ad will pull... nor... 50% of what a good

1/2 page will pull. Here is the 1/2 page version of a brand new ad I have just

finished writing. It will be set as a vertical

half page.

New book

reveals...

How

To Have "Killer" Sex

At Any Age... Even If

You Don't Deserve It!

A small publishing company (Cherrywood Publishing) has finally

decided to publish a book about how to have better sex. This book is

so revealing... and... so provocative... it will literally take your

breath away. Here are some of the amazing facts you will learn when

you read this book:

*

The real reason why

Prozac and Zoloft are so popular in this country! (Almost no

one... not even doctors... understands the startling sexual

implications.)

*

The single biggest

sexual complaint women have

about men!

*

The single biggest

sexual complaint men

have about women!

*

A dead

"giveaway" which proves a woman is faking her

orgasms!

*

A brand new discovery

(just approved by the FDA on February 28, 2000) that any man

can use to instantly (and safely) boost his testosterone

level. Note: This will not only improve his sex life... but

also... his overall health!

*

A secret almost

nobody (except a few, elite very

wealthy people) know about... which can lead to... a

male having multiple orgasms!

*

A special place (and a

special way) to touch a woman to guarantee mind-altering sex!

(This technique is so simple... and... so little-known... even

75% of all women don't know about it.)

*

The two almost unknown

secrets (one mental, one physical) men need to know to have

rock-hard erections... at

any age! (These are crucial

secrets to improving a man's sex life forever.)

*

A scientifically-proven

"aphrodisiac" which gently sends a woman's sexual

desire into white-hot overdrive!

*

What lesbians know

about oral sex that men don't... and why... more men are now

losing their women to other

women... than ever before!

*

The single-most

important thing a woman

can do to make herself more attractive to the opposite sex!

*

The single-most

important thing a man

can do to make himself more attractive to the opposite sex!

*

Three sure-fire ways

to tell if your spouse or "significant other" has

had sex with someone else in the last 24-hours!

*

How any man can make

all of his erections last longer! (This is one of the most jealously

guarded discoveries of sex researchers who have been given

almost unlimited research funding by their wealthy,

pleasure-seeking patrons.)

*

Almost foolproof

contraception: It's over 99% effective, but so new, most people have never even heard about it!

*

A male "pleasure

trigger" that was... accidentally... discovered by

medical doctors which... curbs premature ejaculation... and...

increases the frequency and quality of male orgasms!

*

The number one rule

which absolutely... must

be observed... for women to have a truly

spectacular orgasm!

*

Etc.

[CLOSING

COPY:]

This book comes with an iron-clad, 90-day money-back guarantee

and it is easy-to-order. All you have to do is write your name and

address and the words "Killer Sex Book" on a piece of paper

and send it with your check or  money

order  for

$27.00  plus

$4.50  for

postage  and

handling    (total

$31.50) to:

Cherrywood Publishing

3101 S.W. 34th Ave. #905-467

Ocala, FL 34474

That's all there is to it. As soon as we receive your

payment, the book will be sent to you immediately via first-class

mail.

NOTE: All books are shipped in a

plain, confidential, unmarked package.

Well, there it is Buckwheat. What you've just read plus my

last few issues constitute a formulized, almost foolproof way of creating a

profitable piece of copy. It may not be the very best way. There's no genius

involved or necessary. Note also there's no need for you to have a telephone

or a credit card merchant account. This is a "meat-and-potatoes" way

to get the job done over and over.

I hope you appreciate me teaching it to you.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

aka

"Hurricane Halbert"

P.S.

Since my son Bond is

running my stock market trading business, I have started writing copy

for clients again. I haven't had a single miss. Last week Nutramerica

ran one of my ads in the Asbury Park newspaper and paid over $13,000

for the ad... which... has now produced something in the vicinity of

$94,000 in sales. If you need a "killer" copywriter who is

working... at his absolute peak... and... you can afford me ($15,000 plus 5% of

gross sales)... you're crazy if you don't call me right now at...

(305)

534-7577

P.S.#2

Hey, it can't hurt to

talk.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.