SOURCE: https://www.thegaryhalbertletter.com/newsletters/zslj_bill_gates.htm
SCRAPED: 2026-03-08 21:51:01
============================================================

The Gary Halbert Letter

From:

North of Jewfish Creek

Dear Friend & Subscriber,

I

bet Bill Gates never had a good piece of ass in his life.

I'll

get back to the crucially important subject of Mr. Gates' sex

life (or lack thereof) in a moment. But first, please allow me

to digress a few moments to other matters of far less global

significance.

Listen,

I've been wanting to do something nice... something... very

special... for my Lifetime Subscribers for a long

time... and... if you're one of my "Lifers" you're

gonna love this one!

As

you know, I've been writing and publishing this letter going

on 11 years now and, during that time, I've been giving a few

very expensive seminars, usually two or three times a year.

Well, as it happens, each year, more and more of my newsletter

subscribers and seminar attendees are members of the medical

profession. Surgeons, shrinks, chiropractors, plastic

surgeons, dentists (especially

dentists), pediatricians and proctologists. (Speaking of

proctologists, how does someone make the decision to make that

his career of choice?  Is

it like that scene in "The Graduate" where some guy

whispers the word "plastics" in Dustin Hoffman's

ear? Except, the guy says "assholes!"?)

Whatever.

Let's focus on dentists. Many of the D.D.S.s I've worked with

like Travis McFee, Kit Weathers, the Madow Brothers and many

others have become fabulously successful. It irritates me so

many dentists I have worked with have far eclipsed the

meager financial successes of their impoverished mentor. So

therefore, I have decided..

The Dentists Of America Have To Pay!

Ah

yes. I've been asked to give a Gary Halbert Seminar especially

for dentists. This seminar is not about dentistry; it

is about the business of dentistry. But, the way I've

put this together, makes it the

most valuable seminar... anyone... could attend... no matter what... business they are in.  This is going to be my most intense seminar I've ever

given. It's going to happen here in Miami Beach at the Eden

Roc Resort & Spa (as posh as posh can get) on April 10th,

11th, 12th and 13th. Guess what it costs to attend? Are you

sitting down? Ready? Okay boys and girls, the cost for a

dentist to attend this seminar is... $17,000.00!

You

read it right. That's seventeen thousand smackeroos.

And, it's gonna be worth every penny! I agreed to do this

seminar (and, put my heart and soul into it) based on two

conditions:

1. I get paid a healthy fee.

2. I get to let my Lifetime Subscribers attend... FREE!

Condition

#1 was no problem. When you're gonna get 100 or so D.D.S.s to

shell out 17 thou apiece to attend a seminar, you can afford

to be pretty damn generous with the guy making it happen. But,

they sure as hell didn't like that second condition. So... I

made the decision easy for them. "It's very simple,"

I said, "if my Lifers don't get to come free, I'm not

going to do the seminar."

They

caved.

And

so, Buckwheat, if you are a Lifetime subscriber to this

letter... and... you want to attend the hottest marketing

seminar ever... and... you want to attend free...

here's what you gotta do... and... you gotta do it now:

(A)

Call the Eden

Roc Resort & Spa at (305)

531-0000 and book your room.

(B)

After that, and only after that,

contact my office... by FAX... and let us know you are

coming. We can't take phone calls for this. We're

working feverishly to pull this deal together and

there's just too many of my Lifers (not to mention all

those dentists) who want to attend this seminar for us

to spend time with each of them on the phone. Besides,

after you sign up, you'll get an info package that

gives you all the nitty-gritty logistical details. So,

if you want to come, make your room reservation at the

Eden Roc and fax my office (1-305-534-8366)

a very short letter thanking

me for making this possible for you... and...

giving me your name, address, daytime phone number

with area code, and confirmation number of your Eden

Roc room reservation.

You're

welcome.

Okay,

back to Bill Gates and his sex problem. Actually, to be

factual, I guess I should describe this as what I perceive

to be his wee, wee-wee problem. You see, Bill Gates can only

use one hand when he...

WAIT!

I gotta digress again. As I age I suffer more and more from

CRS ("Can't Remember Shit") and, if I don't get this

next part down on paper, I might forget. So, sit up and pay

attention. Come closer. I've just read what I consider to be

one of the best sales letters ever written. I'll tell you why

this letter is so good after you read it. Here's the

letter:

SPECIAL REPORT

Is

The Internet

Alive Or Dead

For Marketers

In 1997?

Popular

Mechanics

AIRBAGS

FOR

AIRCRAFT

Death

of the

Internet

Fatal

error

V

Dear IC Member,

Pictured at right: the

cover of a recent issue of POPULAR

MECHANICS, featuring an article

"Death Of The Internet." As you

know, I've remained an "Internet

skeptic", I think with good reason. This

article and others, and many savvy

individuals' analysis of and experience with

the Internet just isn't very good. Let me

summarize the negatives first:

1.

As this article points out, it's crowded, cluttered,

disorganized, and, increasingly, hard to get on -

"busy signals for minutes to hours are the

norm" - and slow to use. The first class

action suit was recently filed against AmericaOnline,

seeking to stop their sale of new memberships on the

grounds that they cannot provide services as promised

to the members they've got. AOL's problems are a

microcosm of the entire World Wide Web.

2.

The huge numbers of on-line users is, for most

marketers, an irrelevant although seductive illusion.

Most "business users" are using this thing

one way and one way only for e-mail...as a a

communication tool, like the phone or the FAX. They

aren't "surfing." Or buying. In homes, the

primary users are kids under the age of 18.

3.

The "marketing success stories" remain few

and far between, are often exaggerated and

distorted by get-rich-via-Internet promoters, and many

are not at all useful as models for the rest of us.

The biggest winners are all in the "sex

business" one way or another. The two web sites

visited most: Playboy and Penthouse. The lion's share

of the actual direct sales transactions are with sex

products and services related sites. What was the 900#

business is now on the Internet, but with pictures. In

a recent A&E report on the "gentlemens clubs

business" (which is booming), that industry's

experts predicted the Internet offered their greatest

opportunities for revenue expansion.

4.

Contrary to popular promotion, marketing via the

Internet is NOT "free." It takes time,

attention and energy away from other, more predictable

opportunities. There are costs for site set-up and

maintenance. Etc.

For all these reasons, and others,

I remain an Internet skeptic. However, over the past

handful of months, I've conducted an exhaustive

analysis of what opportunities do exist and may

develop regarding the Internet, for a client of mine

already operating one of the largest Internet

"malls" and doing about 5-million dollars a

year or so of Internet business, and yes, there are

positives and positive indicators to talk about, too.

For example:

1.

A

large percentage of adult Internet users spend

a lot of time visiting web sites, surfing,

conversing, plucking items of interest off

bulletin boards, participating in news groups,

and so on. In this month's newsletter, I noted

the amount of time each visitor spends at a

cataloguer's web site - phenomenal. I can tell

you that the average visitor to MY web site

goes through five to ten "pages" and

stays there for some time. These folks are

serious info gatherers.

2.

My

favorite expert Ken McCarthy (who I'll tell

you more about in a minute) insists that

people are less critical of what they find and

read on the Internet than they are of

traditional advertising.

3.

Somebody

hooked to each computer has money. After all,

you're talking $2,000.00 or more in hardware,

hundreds of dollars for software, and $20 a

month or more to be hooked up, for service.

4.

Most

of the web sites and other marketing efforts

now populating the Net are terrible, defy

everything we know about direct-response, and

cannot possibly produce. As John Tighe says "In

the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is

king." Where all the marketing is

done by fools, there's opportunity for the few

with smarts. (At Ken's recent seminar, which I

attended, he fully explained the big, [sic]

most commonly made mistake with web sites and,

by gum, just about everybody IS making that

mistake.)

And

there are some intriguing things you can do on

the Internet - for example:

NEAR-ZERO COST

CONTINUOUS COMMUNICATION

WITH CUSTOMERS AND TARGETED PROSPECTS

@

Once

you identify Internet users who are your

customers or bona fide prospects interested in

what you are all about, you can e-mail them

as often as you want, at a cost so cheap it's

almost zero...with the push of a single

button. Obviously, this has its appeal.

Imagine being able to send out a monthly

customer newsletter with zero printing or

postage costs, no addressing, no stuffing.

NEAR-ZERO COST

PUBLICITY...PROMOTION TO THE MEDIA

@

One of

the few things I can tell you from personal

experience is: the media is

using this thing. Probably because they're

lazy. Journalists of every stripe are going to

web sites in search of story material. Talk

show producers are searching the Net for

guests. I have definitely gotten press as a

result of my web site. (There are even pros

who do publicity blitz's via Internet for $500

to $1,000. Ken told me about one, which I just

used.)

LOW-COST, CONVENIENT

RESEARCH

@

The

Internet is a very valid and powerful research

tool. In my newly revised 'How To Make

Millions With Your Ideas/Inventor's Friend

Course,' for example, we list over 200

Internet locations for help with idea

protection, copyright patent, trademark,

marketing, financing, business plan

documentation, and we include hours on

CompuServe, because of their proprietary

services and discussion group for inventors.

And

there ARE some people figuring out the puzzle: how to

make money by direct marketing via the Internet.

Small businesses? Yes - there's a garden center and

nursery, for example, that reported a $7,000 profit

its first 30 days on the Internet. There are

mail-order marketers of everything from hot sauces to

clothing to speciality books. There are the biggies,

like Amazon Books. There is just enough legitimate,

successful activity to hint that there could be more.

How Can You

Sort Out The Wheat From The Chaff?

Do you remember the old game show

"Who Do You Trust"? Who can you trust to

give you the straight scoop here?

That brings us to Ken McCarthy.

Ken, a long-time IC Member, is one of the very, very

few "white hats" I know of in this field.

Quite frankly, the crowd of so-called experts

promoting get-rich-on-the Internet in various forms is

mostly made up of charlatans, liars, frauds and, at

best, theorists. Not Ken. Among other things, his

company hosted the first business conference held

anywhere, entirely devoted to doing business on the

Web. Marc Andreessen, the whiz kid from Netscape

(100-million-dollar net worth at age 24) was the

keynote speaker. Ken's book, "The Internet

Business Manual", was the first book published

in Japan about doing business on the Internet. And the

Japanese computer giant, NEC, holder of over 65,000

scientific patents, pays Ken a fat retainer just for

his continuing advice about marketing on the Internet.

(By the way, if you have the tapes from my 1993 DM

Conference - $3,495.00 per person to attend - you've

already heard Ken, although not about the Internet.)

Ken has numerous clients, small and large, some of

whom ARE making money via Internet marketing, and he

is a legitimate practitioner, a service provider

charging fair and reasonable fees, and simply somebody

who really knows what he's talking about.

Unfortunately, it's almost

impossible to get personal time with Ken even if you

want it. He's just about as busy as I am - and more

reclusive. After all, he IS a "computer

nerd." But you may recall that I hosted a special

seminar by Ken, just for IC Members, by invitation,

late last year. You missed it, but you can still get

most of it.

One Of The

Toughest Seminar Audiences......

Ken asked me to deliver a small,

focused group of tough-minded, marketing savvy

entrepreneurs from diverse businesses, who would have

their "BS detectors" on and would demand

practical, crystal clear, truthful, how-to information

from him. I did deliver such an audience (myself

included) and we did ask Ken tough and practical

questions. We drew out of him information, ideas and

proven how-to's that, quite frankly, I haven't found

the equal of in all my other research combined.

Skeptical as I was and am, I found a few things I

could immediately do to profit from the Internet. Some

of the people in the seminar who are much more

interested in all this went home and implemented

dozens of strategies.

By the way, I don't go to many

seminars. To do so, I have to write off days that

could be sold for at least $4,600.00. I have to

travel, and I do enough of that anyway. And most

often, I'm disappointed. But I am very glad I was at

THIS seminar and I would urge anybody using or

contemplating using the Internet for marketing

purposes to go - if they could - but they can't,

because Ken is NEVER doing this again. He did it just

to get everything on tape and into printed form. He's

not a seminar giver by profession or passion. But you

CAN get the seminar "in a box," to go

through in your home, at your convenience.

What Will

You Gain?

First,

finally, a very clear understanding of

what this thing is, how it works, the pros and cons,

flaws and opportunities, real costs, and the info you

need to determine whether or not you

should be involved and, if so, how. Take all the

mystery, confusion, techno-gobbledygook out of this,

once and for all.

Second,

regarding web sites, you'll learn how

to "build cheap" and what common copycat

mistakes to avoid. By the way, you do not even

need to be online yourself - or even to own a computer

- to understand all this and, if you choose, to profit

from it. Ken shows you how to do everything with

pencil, paper and a fax machine. For example, for a

low monthly fee, you can have orders or even e-mail

captured for you and delivered to you by FAX if you

want to do it that way.

Third,

you'll learn how

to "promote smart." How to do truly

targeted "posts", attract site traffic,

create publicity, and so on. What you can and cannot

do and how to do it.

Fourth,

how to buy or rent the services you need without

getting ripped off. (It's a jungle out there.

One woman at the seminar was being overcharged by

hundreds of dollars a month - and blatantly lied to.)

You may choose to do some business with Ken. But if

you don't, you will be infinitely better equipped to

deal with service providers in your home town. You'll

almost certainly see savings of thousands of dollars

thanks to Ken's blunt advice.

What Can

You Get Your Hands On?

Obviously, we can't go back to

late last year and plunk you down in the seminar

itself. But the giant Manual that I walked away from the seminar with is, itself, more useful and

valuable than the literal room full of Internet

"stuff" I've gathered from every other

imaginable source. It is the seminar in print.

Everything everybody got at the seminar plus more.

Ken's making it available for just $377.00. Believe

me, you can blow three hundreds bucks on utterly

useless Internet marketing services so fast it'll

scorch your mouse pad. And there is not a decent

professional seminar you can go to anywhere on this

subject for such a low price.

But there's

more. In this exclusive offer, Ken is also

including the audio cassettes from the entire day PLUS

a 30-minute telephone consultation - both without

extra charge.

Oh, and if you wind up using Ken's

company to put up and maintain a web site for you or

perform other Internet marketing services for you, you

get the entire $377 back in service credits. (But

don't worry: this is NOT a giant "pitch" for

Ken's services. Not even close. This is a thorough,

comprehensive, understandable teaching presentation.)

This is a package built to sell

for over $1,000.00, yours at about one-third of that

price. Ken can only accept a limited number of my IC

Members on this basis, and he reserves the right to

cancel the offer at any time. If this interests you, I

urge you to use the attached Order Form and/or call

Ken's office at 415-928-4072. Don't wait. You may be

turned away.

Bottom-Line,

Final Thoughts

Marketing via the Internet

definitely is NOT for everybody, at least not now, not

yet. For many, there is a compelling argument for

ignoring the entire thing, putting blinders on, and

sticking to what works for you now or to more

predictable opportunities. However, for some, there is

a compelling argument for getting in now, early,

learning ahead for the herd, and finding opportunity.

I cannot begin to tell you what to do about that

decision. I can tell you that, if you do have an

interest in using the Internet for marketing purposes,

then you need Ken McCarthy's information....to protect

yourself, to shorten your learning curve, to have a

realistic assessment of your opportunities, and to

maximize whatever profits may be possible for you.

Sincerely,

Dan S. Kennedy

PS: Personally, I'm not about to

pack up a tent, cooking utensils, first aid kit,

musket and powder, and go tramping off on a safari in

some jungle for my vacation. (Anything less than 24

hour room service is "roughing it" in my

book.) But if I was going to do that, I'd damned sure

do it with the very best guide I could find and hire.

PPS: This IS a very limited offer.

There's an expire date on the order form, but that's

the outside possible date. Ken can only handle a

limited number of the consultations, so this offer may

very well be withdrawn before this expiration

date. The only certain way to participate is to call

immediately.

What you've just read

is a letter I consider so good,

I think everybody should

study it and, seriously consider using it as a "template"

for one of their own sales letters. Here are reasons I consider this

one of the top 10 sales letters I've ever read:

1.

It's

honest. Almost everything ever written about marketing

on the InterNet (including stuff written by me) is bullshit.

Much of this misinformation was written by honest but misled

and misguided people (like me)... and... much of it has and is

being promoted by out-and-out rip-off con artists. Either way,

"Bullshit is bullshit" and there ain't none of it in

this letter.

2.

It's

informative. Even if you have no interest in what's

being sold, this letter gives you the low-down real

scoop on InterNet marketing by a man who knows what he is

writing about. In other words, this letter has value

for all who read it, not just for those who want the product

it describes.

3.

It's

lean. No excess verbiage. Not a wasted word. A direct

hit. A "bull's-eye" marketing missile with no

clutter whatsoever.

4.

It

is balanced and reasoned.

No ranting and raving about the "bad guys." No

"YOU'RE CERTAIN TO

GET RICH WITH THIS!" hyperbole. Explains the pros.

Explains the cons.

5.

It's

illuminating. This letter does, I believe, reveal what might

turn out to be a breathtaking opportunity to make money. I

myself am going to order the product it describes.

What's that? Why do I have to order it? Did you think I

already have this product because I myself was promoting what this

letter is selling? That I have some financial interest in all this?

I don't. None whatsoever.

Dan Kennedy has no clue I'm writing about his sales letter. As

for Ken McCarthy, I don't know him from Adam. In fact, until I read

Dan's brilliant sales letter, I was 100% oblivious to Ken McCarthy's

existence. Never saw or heard him speak at a seminar. Never watched

him on video. Never heard him on an audio tape. So, promoting his

InterNet product is not what this

issue is about. No. It's just I consider the sales letter you've just

read so damn good I wanted

to make sure all my subscribers got to read it. Just how good

is this letter? Well, I'm gonna give it what I consider (arrogantly)

the highest accolade I have to offer. What I mean is...

This Sales Letter Is So

Good

It Reads Like It Could Have Been Written

By Gary Halbert!

Hark unto me. I first became aware of Dan Kennedy's existence

while listening to one of his audio tapes during a long solo drive

through the American southwest. Dan has written many books, given many

seminars, created many video and audio tapes and my advice to you

is... GET EVERYTHING HE HAS TO

SELL!

When you discover a true marketing genius, you should

get every scrap of info he/she has to offer. I can't even imagine

something written or taped by Claude Hopkins, Robert Collier, Joe

Karbo and other "legends" I wouldn't rush to buy sight

unseen. Heed this: If someone's got it, for

real... you should feel

lucky to be able to buy it from them. Once again, Dan Kennedy has

no clue about the contents of this issue of this newsletter. He'll

know about it approximately the same time you do. When he gets it in

the mail. So... GET HIS SHIT... STUDY IT... GET ALL OF IT! Dan's

number is

(602) 997-7707.

You know, maybe I'll make February my annual month for writing

a "Gary Halbert Recommends" issue. That'd be interesting,

wouldn't it? An annual review of stuff I think my subscribers should

consider purchasing... all of which... I personally have no financial

interest in whatsoever.

Like maybe this: Here's something that will be of interest to

"REAL PLAYERS" only. No guarantee of a financial return

whatsoever. This is one of those deals that's like a Rolex watch: You

don't buy it so you'll know what time it is; you buy it simply...

Because You Can!

Here's the scoop: For $2,500 fungolas, you can become a sponsor

of the 1997 MISS CARIBBEAN AMERICA pageant. I'm not gonna tell you the

real reason you should consider this. Certainly not in print.

But here are the reasons as stated in the literature:

Event Date: March

14 - 17, 1997

As a sponsor for this 1997 Model

Search you are entitled to the following:

One

private room (lodging) at the Americana Hotel during the

promotion; Complementary meals and

drinks at the Hotel/Casino during the span of the promotion; Transportation

to and from the airport near the Hotel/Casino; One judge

position; Live name

mention of you and/or your company during the event(s) if you

desire; Distribution of any corporate printed

material/information you wish offered to the audience; Gift/benefits

packages to include an official 1997 Miss Royal Palm Casino

Judge and Sponsor shirt and other Hawaiian Tropic memorabilia;

Your name and/or company name to appear on event

invitations (if desired); Invitation(s)

to the private receptions with the lovely PAGEANT CONTESTANTS,

judges, and other VIPS; Invitation(s) to the International

finals in Las Vegas; A

fabulous weekend of entertainment and fun with super VIP

treatment; A chance to rub elbows with Sir Gary of Halbert

and some of his fabulous (see this

month's calendar) Charisma girls!!!

Wanna know more about this? If so, call Amy

J. Raley at (1-561-995-7265)

and tell her you're a Gary Halbert subscriber and you want all the

details. But please... don't call if you are merely a "certified

wannabe." Please... don't embarrass me. Call only if there is at

least a "smidgen" of a real chance you will participate.

And, by the way, yes, I do have an interest in this

dealybop.

But, it ain't financial.

Sincerely,

Gary C. Halbert

P.S.

I've ran out

of space. As far as "Billy's" sex life is concerned,

I'll try to get to that in another issue.

Sorry.

Peace.

Click

Here To View

Our Newsletter Archive

Click Here

If You Want

To Be On My Newsletter

Announcement List

Copyright © 2003 Gary C. Halbert.  All Rights

Reserved.