All right. So, in this video, I want to quickly show you how to use deep research for coming up with like ingredient studies and claims you can use um when you're writing sales copy. The reason I say quickly isn't because I'm trying to skip through this section. It's because it's honestly pretty fast and easy here. So, I'm going to show you an example. This for our skincare, the UDI serum. Okay, like okay, these are the ingredients for an ice cap before has the main ingredients. I'm attaching two documents for reference. One is an overview of the market and their pain points. The second is a unique mechanism I'll be using. What I want you to do what I want is for you to sorry what I want for you to do is come up with a list of claims for each ingredient that can be tied back to specific studies or research. This research needs to come from stuff published on NCBI. That's like uh the national basically like the government's registry of uh studies or other scientific journals and cannot include things from random blogs or websites. Give preferences to RCTs as random control trials with humans. But if those aren't available, you can include other studies too. Claims should be focused on the following things. One, how the ingredient supports unique mechanism of the solution when applicable. We will uh I'll me kind of give more context on that a second. Two, additional studies of how the ingredient helps alleviate pain points of the market regardless of the connection to the mechanism. Please keep the claims digestible with references. I don't need a big biology lesson. I just need to um I just need I should say I just need accurate claims showing the best efficacy and results possible for each ingredient so I can take those and use them in various marketing assets. All right, so that's it. Okay. Now the second version of the prompt is like what if you don't basically if you don't have um a mechanism honestly it's actually basically the same prompt you just wouldn't have a mechanism that's why I said wouldn't applicable right so I'll show you another version of it though just call this example too um or just example like I have a blood sugar issue but I'll show you more of them okay so the blood sure what I'm doing right now, but let's go back to Friends of Perplexity. Okay. And I ran in a couple different prompts. I actually want to show you. This is super big. I've been doing too much stuff today, honestly. Um, did this one first. Okay, so I did this the first time, right? problem you just saw. I forgot to include the mechanism in the research. But what I liked about perplexity is was really fast. Okay, so this is the peptide. Clinical studies demonstrate up to 32% reduction in wrinkles and 14% increase in skin firmness link. It's coming from the company that makes the peptide, but I know that's fine. Promotes production of tissue inhibitors of melopinases reducing collagen degra enzyme activity by approximately 33% for trison and 22% for elastace. So is collagen fiber contraction lead to improved skin structure and tightening at 0.5% concentration shows measurable improvement in wrinkle depth in clinical trials. Okay. Hydration barrier support pistachia lentissus extract. And so basically you can see what it's doing here is it's giving me like studies and it's giving them to me in really digestible little chunks. Why does that matter you might ask? I will tell you why that matters because a bit later on when we get to the B of briefs which is I guess so a brief it's really creating inputs for AI the things we're going to do it I'm going to show you this little generator is you're going to do the unified research brief you do the unique mechanism which we're going to uh you'll see in you know the next training after R um and then you can give it I think it's this one here sorry this like a list of the studies, right? So, it's like what I did is I combined perplexity and chat GBT and made it to quads that they're um whatever. But so, I gave that and basically gave it studies like the ones you just saw from Plexity, right? And then you'll see that when I did that, it generates all this stuff. All I did is give it the website and it generated all these things. So, it's pretty nifty, right? Okay. So, the answer is definitely right. So, that was Perplexity, which was pretty solid. Um, I also did it with ChatBT. CHPT was pretty good, too. I did reference Personal Care Magazine. I don't like that reference as much, but that one was fine. So, Gavin Publishers is not the worst coming from a publishing place of studies, but basically it just did research, too. So it was pretty good. Now I like perplexity. So I was like well what about you know let me show you another example. So in this case oh sorry let me show you one I think of chat GBT. With chat GBT I did include the unified research output and the iser. Why was the unified research output nice? Because it kind of knows what the pain points are right. So if you're doing this and you know we it kind of knows what what we're looking for with the studies and then I did the mechanism right so it gave me the studies like the same thing as with um perplexity but because I include the mechanism here you can see where it talks about by curbing these collagen breakdown enzymes DPH preserves the dermal matrix and forms a tighter rewoven collagen architecture for firmer skin that matters because that's sort of like a mechanism that we came up with in the example is one I decided to use in this case. So it's tying this back to the mechanism here. So that's kind of nice. There's pros and cons to this though. Okay. What's interesting is like it still gave me good data. So I mean frankly I think this is overall pretty good. Um Perplexes was kind of the best though. it was the most bite-s size and but it wasn't tied to the mechanism, right? So, I did run that again with the PDFs uploaded. But here's the thing. Remember how you saw that 32% figure for the peptide chass had it perplex? This time it didn't mention the 32% reduction in wrinkles. That's a big thing. um to miss, right? And so I don't know if it didn't do it because it was focusing on the mechanism more, but honestly like you might want to run it once without the context of the mechanism and once with it because you might get slightly different studies. You can just combine them together into one PDF or one document that you turn into a PDF for quad. So hopefully that makes sense. Okay, so still some good things here. Anyway, did the same thing. Here's ingredients for blood sugar support chew. I just copy and pasted one from like a private label cal I had exact same prompt xylitol significantly improved glucose tolerance in humans and animal studies reduce blood fasting blood glucose by 29.3% and type two diabetic rats here associated with a 73% lower risk of pre-diabetes progression to diabetes in humans with elevated baseline xylitol levels metabolic benefits decreased plasma insulin levels triglycerides blah blah salon cinnamon Meta analysis of 10 random controlled trials showed significant reduction in fasting plasma glucose minus 24.59 in type two diabetes patients reduced age. So basically if you know supplement copy you know this is like great you're like oh cool this is pretty much solved right and it did it for each and every ingredient. So I actually like perplexity the most for the ingredient research. Um and it's really as simple as that. Now, if you want anything else, you can ask more questions. You can always go deeper, but frankly, this is pretty damn good, right? Um, and that's why this is a short thing because really, you just run this prompt where the ingredients are, and you'll get your research done for you, courtesy of Perplexity and or Chat GBT. So, there you go. Thanks,