If you've clicked on this video, it's for one of two reasons: Either you already know what PSL is and want to learn how to create a series that actually converts, or you don't know what PSL is but were impressed by the numbers this video will generate. With this video, you'll leave knowing how to create a PSL from scratch and, by putting it into practice, you can achieve incredible numbers. So, let's get started, copyhackers. How are you? Welcome to this video. First of all, I need to clarify for those who don't know what VSL is. If you're watching this video and still don't know what this acronym VSL means, I 'll explain it quickly. It's nothing more than the acronym for video sales letter. It 's very common and recognized as a sales letter, but we know that the world is constantly evolving, and nowadays it's much more advantageous and brings much more conversion to use a video sales letter, which is nothing more than a video with a sales letter, a video that shows a sales letter to the person. Sales letters for people, and through letters like this one, Stefan George, the expert I'm going to talk about today, made 700 million dollars—no, 700,000 dollars, no, it's not $700, it's 700 million dollars, almost 1 billion dollars—using only this strategy. This strategy even prepares you to be able to do other strategies like launches, binary options, and things like that. With this concept, with this knowledge, you are able to write letters that really sell, you are able to make YouTube videos, cop videos, Instagram videos, river videos, even more powerful and impactful ones. And just so you have an idea, the value of the course that presents this strategy that I'm going to show you costs $1000. So you're going to have a strategy here in this video that basically costs $1000, and I have the idea of ​​bringing several videos like this, bringing the latest news, the things most used out there. Now, I'm not talking about bringing content you've already seen, but I want to bring the best content that people are using out there to sell more. And Stefan George is considered today the... Dad, being number 1 in the world, basically in this course he shows you how you can be a freelance bodybuilder, earning money by working as a bodybuilder. I also have a similar course in Portuguese, which will be in the description. And in the middle of this course, he talks about a strategy he used to sell a lot, in this case, 700 million dollars. And for those who don't know, all these courses nowadays in Brazil that talk about sales, you can take, for example, the Super Content Method, which is very famous, there's the Wind Every Holy Day, there's the PLR ​​Fit contest, which is a course that's booming and that other influencers share on the internet, basically, they revolve around this BSL. Even when you take a course that's not in this area, like the course "What is the Online Sales Machine?", which is also booming now, one of the biggest and best-selling affiliate courses, it sells through a single-use SL, so it sells through this BSL strategy. And most of them use this same structure, of course, in the courses they are more detailed so you just fit the pieces together, but knowing this concept that CEP Jorge You'll be able to sell much more online, so now I'll introduce VSL to everyone. I believe I can now pass on to you the strategy, the step-by- step script for you to write VSLs that really sell, and use the latest, most up-to-date script that works best abroad and will certainly work here in Brazil as well. I also plan to create a video talking about how to create the VSL in practice. So, maybe how I hire people to do this, how you do the whole creation process. In this video, I'll focus only on the script; other parts like narration and editing I'll do in other videos. So subscribe to the channel so you don't miss these videos in the future. Number one: He starts his script, his sales letter in the video, right? In this case, with the lead. For those who do n't know what a lead is, the lead is the beginning, the introduction. I know this is a bit confusing because many people know lead as contact, right? And many... Hello, this video is not the lead, it's nothing more than the introduction, the first words you say there in the lead, and let's put twenty percent at the beginning of... A copy is definitely the most important part of any copy. You can make mistakes or be weak – in quotes, not entirely – but if you're weak in the lead, you won't sell anything. For example, if you've ever tried to make a sales video, tried to do something and it did n't work, and you changed the whole video, probably if you had only changed that lead you would have had great results. And what makes up this lead? The lead is the emotional part of a copy, and you have several formats to tell me. You can start the lead, for example, by saying what you're going to deliver to the person. For example, in the next few minutes I'm going to show you how you can go from zero to $700 million in 30 days. There you go, you've summarized what you're going to deliver to the person. Then you start working on that emotional part because it's very important to bring logical reasoning, to show the person that what you're going to say is true. For example, in this video here, I introduce what PSL is. I said who you are, that you were George, how many days he's been there, what he did, and what I was going to do. And you, in this video, were interested? Did it grab your attention? And now you're here with me watching. In this video, I'll even give you a very important tip at the end, so don't go away because this tip can make you earn much more. The key is that you have to grab the person's attention through emotion. So you have to promise them what they will get, promise them that transformation. And in no way should you introduce your product in various ways. There's even a very interesting book in English called Greyck, which I've already talked about here and in my course, and it talks a lot about the six types of lipids that work best and when to use each one. So you basically have six types of lipids that work very well, and you use them at different times. But basically, if you're talking to a more detached audience, an audience that isn't so aware of the problem—that's another piece of advice I'll introduce in another video—and you make a big promise to the person. You 'll certainly be able to sell them on the next step of your video, and the next step is the next. Your goal with your video is always to take the person at one stage, for example, the step they're taking now, and lead them to the next, and the next, and the next. So it's very important. You can follow these steps to achieve good results in your sales video and lead. As I said, you can start with a promise and then begin to include arguments explaining why this promise works. You can include logical arguments, stories to bring depth to what you're saying, analogies, and things like that. It's important not to get too caught up in ready-made scripts; this is a big mistake that creators make because it ends up hindering them in the future and makes them stick with scripts that don't work as well or don't work at all because the script has an expiration date. People receive those clips and they won't believe others who do something similar. There's also the issue of context, so it's no use creating a copy based on and copying ready-made scripts or texts that are already written. It's important to have your own writing style. And don't worry, I know it seems very complex, but it's not. Come with me and you'll see it's not. So, after making the introduction, grab attention, and remember that the first five words of your video are the most important. So you have to introduce the subject to people. She needs to make a promise, grab her emotional attention, bring up some convincing arguments, some arguments about why you're going to talk about that, why they should watch that video. You'll go to what she calls the background story, which is the internal story you'll tell that explains how you arrived at that method, how that method came about. You'll give the person context, it's very important. People forget to give context. You come to me and, for example, say that a pizza is good, but why is it good? What makes it different? You need to give context. You need to tell, for example, if you're talking about a weight-loss medication, you can give the context of how you discovered that method. How the scientist discovered it. Why the person had never heard of it before. The person will ask themselves, " Why haven't I heard of this before?" What is new about this? Why would they believe you? And you need to tell a story. A story connects, right? To contextualize everything for the person, to give them a basis for continuing to watch your videos. And this part of the story is very important, you should study more about how to... Hello, be very detailed, about various physical details, so talk about... The color of things speaks of you entering, for example, I can come to you and say, " I'm going to get a pizza to eat," but I can call you and say, "I'm going to the kitchen to get a pizza to eat," and you start imagining the kitchen. But I can say, "I'm going to the kitchen, open the oven, get a pizza to eat," imagine me going to the kitchen, opening the oven, getting the pizza to eat. But I can come and tell you, "I walked to my kitchen, opened my oven, got the pepperoni pizza, and put it on a plate to eat." You imagined it with other details that you hadn't imagined before. I managed to imprint more images in your mind. When you tell the story, you have to tell the story in this way, imprinting images in the person's mind. Thirdly, it talks about a very cool concept that is used a lot by specialists here in Brazil, but that I see few people actually teaching this technique, which is the unique mechanism of the problem. Every problem has a reason, a reason why it happens. So, for example, if you have insomnia, you have to explain to the person technically why and what is the mechanism that causes them to have insomnia, what is it that... It's important because the person needs to truly understand what's happening to them. When we talk about a single mechanism of the problem, it's a mechanism, that is, something that is causing the pain. So you need to sit down and brainstorm and think about what might be causing it, create a story based on it. For example, in the United States, if you tell someone that they'll gain weight if they eat carbohydrates, they'll hardly believe it because they've already received so many promises about it. It 's something banal, something everyone talks about. If you tell them that the plastic in the containers releases particles that cause their intestines to not work properly and end up accumulating fat, you create a single mechanism of the problem, a single mechanism that causes that pain. So this is very important, guys, because you'll be able to convince them more, you'll be able to argue more, and it will seem less like nonsense. You know, it's very important to have this in your product. Then we'll go to the fourth point. What is the unique mechanism of the solution? If you created a unique mechanism that generates that problem, and you're going to create a unique mechanism that brings the solution, then it's a technique, a new method that you discovered that brings a solution to that. It's very important to bring this unique mechanism of the solution that will show the person what they have to do there and what the gear is. What is the technique you are using to solve that problem? And the cool thing is that, since you've already created a unique mechanism for the problem, it's good that the unique mechanism of the solution and the others are interconnected and not something totally random. They need to be interconnected, they need to have logic. Everything in your copy needs to have two basic things: very strong proof, a very strong logical argument. So you need to grab the person's emotion, get them to the point of saying, "It would be great if it were true, I want to believe you." Then you come and bring arguments for them to believe, even bringing somewhat silly examples. But what do you think so many people believe, for example, that the Earth is flat? Because they use a lot of coping techniques. First, they bring technical, logical arguments that the Earth is flat. And then people ended up believing that. This is used... Many experts, techniques, and companies believe it's possible to sell more, and after you've discussed my solution, you begin to introduce your product. This product introduction is crucial because it needs to be done smoothly. You present a reason why you're selling it, so it does n't seem like this solution already exists. I formatted it as a product and presented it to you. The justification can be simple: you can say it's part of a larger company, or you can say it could be given away for free because it wouldn't be viable. Give a justification for why you're selling it; don't simply sell it, because you'll destroy all the previous arguments. This part is very important: introducing the product. Then you start by talking about how interesting it would be if someone took the person by the hand and taught them how to do that thing, how it needs to be done within a product. I see people justifying the creation of a product, for example, by saying, "Look, if I gave it to you for free, you wouldn't value it, so I'm giving it to you through a course within a course because you'll commit to a price." There are other ways to do this as well. There are several ways to introduce your product, which comes down to the closing, the attention-grabbing part. After introducing your product and all the bonuses you'll offer, you need to highlight the price, including the product's price. So it's important to always list all the products one by one and then state their original price. It's important to sell these products, even using the term Empiricus, which I think is very cool, where you sell Ferraris for $10 or something like that, like a thousand dollars. It means selling a Ferrari, something absurdly expensive, for a ridiculously low price. That's the feeling the person needs to have. You're giving them a lot, a great solution, everything they need to implement this mechanism, but at a price that makes them think, "Wow, is that all? This solves so many problems in my life?" They need to have that impression. Then we get to the closing stage, and it's a very important part where you'll use, for example, scarcity triggers, guarantees, and authority. It's very important that you, at this moment, tell me what you're selling. Scarcity here means it's not forever, it won't last forever for the person to make a purchase. Take action so she doesn't procrastinate, because if you don't do this, the person ends up putting it off, and then "I'll come back to this page later," and she never comes back. "Later" means never. So you need to create a very strong sense of urgency. You can say that the price will increase, you can say that the good deals are exclusive for that week, you can do many things. Here are the scarcity techniques, and there are also several ways to apply scarcity. And then you make the call to action. You ask the person to click the button to meet with you on the platform. You can show them what the platform will be like, what they will receive inside. You can answer their questions. You can do many things to convince this person to click the button. It's also good to use a technique we talk about here: " I don't need you." So, look, this course isn't what will make us very profitable, and talk a little about the purpose of the course. It's that thing like, "I don't need you, you need me." It's very important to do this. In the closing part, it's also good to start by congratulating them for joining, if they joined, and soon they will receive the email that... This creates a fear of being left out, so the person ends up entering motivated by this feeling. To finish, they end with a FAQ. The FAQ stands for Frequently Asked Questions, right? So, take all the most frequently asked questions, the questions that everyone always asks you during the product launch, or that people in your market ask regarding that pain point, and answer them one by one, such as, "What if I don't like the product, what do I do?" Then you put it at the top of the product page, you can go back, and so on. You can ask many, many questions. The more objections you overcome at this point, the better. Here's a good tip, a bonus tip I mentioned, about guarantees. Don't be afraid to offer guarantees. I see that many people are afraid to offer 30- or 60-day guarantees, but it's very important that you have customers who are truly satisfied with your product. So, offer long guarantees; this will have a very good effect. Trust me, the number of people who ask for a refund is much smaller than the number of people who stay. So, you can offer a guarantee with confidence, knowing that your product will be very reliable and deliver nothing that gives you a refund. Bad first impression? You won't get a refund request after 30 to 60 days, okay? Don't worry, and this will greatly increase your conversions. So, with this 30-60 day guarantee, you'll understand much more. So that's it, folks. I tried to be as direct and didactic as possible on this topic, which is sales scripting. If you take what I've taught you here and start offering this writing service, you'll get great results. This technique, as I said, is used to sell over 700 million dollars. So you have the opportunity to put this into practice. If you liked this content, leave a like below, share it, and we'll see you next time.